We ordered corn cheese balls, manchow soup and paneer shashlik sizzler. The sizzler was stale. Paneer was smelling and the waiter was so impolite to even accept the mistake. Never going again
we went for a team lunch, such a worst restaurant.. food was tasteless, service was very slow and Ac was not working. We’ve requested them multiple times but its of no use. Please don’t waste your money and I strictly recommend not to prefer beyond flavours,
I would like to introduce this restaurant to a new ingredient called salt. If you add that yo your food, it would taste way better. So basically none of the food we ordered had salt. We ordered Fries, panko mozzarella sticks, Tomato cream soup, panner65 & "Italian" Nachos. Not sure how that was nachos or italian. They basically bought a pack of dorittos and added mozarella cheese on top. The beans were not baked at all, and the entire dish was cold except for the plate that it was brought in. Pretty sure they just dumped the items and stashed it inside a microwave. The paneer 65 was horrendous. Might as well called it garlic 65 with no salt. Next was the mozarella sticks, which was again cold and no salt. The only decent item that we got was the fries and the soup. Thanks to gid we didnt order any main course. All these came up to 1300 and odd. Thanks to Zomato Gold, our price went down. This place is way too expensive for the quality of food they serve. And talking about the restaurant in general, the place looks decent but there are stoves stashed under tables and seats and plants kept at inconvenient spots. They really need to clean up more.
This was my worst experience at a restaurant ever. First our starters were served after half an hour of ordering and the chicken popcorn had a hair strand in it yuck! Then the guy who took our main course order forgot about it completely so we had to order again after waiting for almost an hour. Then had to wait for another half hour to get our food. And the worst of all, they got us chicken lasagna instead of veg lasagna. We figured out that it was chicken right before one of my staunch vegetarian friend almost ate it. I do not recommend this place at all. There are so many better places in Gachibowli that could save your time and provide better service.
It’s a worst service experience. Food was OK. They took 45mins to get veg pulav. Never seen a restaurant to take such time. Won’t visit again.
Waiters are not good enough and you will get items which you have not ordered. Overall a bad experience. Waiting time is more than expected...
Very bad dine in experience I had with this restaurant. We booked this place for office lunch with some instructions, but none of them met by the restaurant. Overall very bad experience
Liked the food it's was good but not anything special or memorable, good service but I do not appreciate how the waiters pestered me into writing a review. No wonder this place a high rating staff will keep bugging you till you write a good review
Its a worst thing happened with me.we ordered for mutton family pack.here i got chicken familypack🙄i dont know who's neglegance is this..either restaurant person or delivery boy...i made a call to restaurent to know what's the problem is,but they are not responding at all..please check when you asked for food delivery....
I have placed order for Mutton Haleem Special - 3 Qty and Biryani Rice - 1 Qty. Shah Ghouse and Zomoto together delivered shortage of Mutton Haleem Special - 1 Qty, informed to deliver executive while collecting parcel and reportes to Zomoto support. Zomoto team said that no response from Shah Ghouse regarding shortage delivery. Finall Zomoto also not confirmed anything and accepted refund only missed item value. Packing also very unhygienic. Totally upset with Shah Ghouse and Zomoto.
I heard Haleem will be so good, etc etc but taste is not that great as others said. Just boiled the meat and grinded like paste. Nothing special in it
I ordered mutton biryani for lunch today. The mutton was not cooked properly. It was hard and unchewable. I had high expectations from this restaurant as I had heard good feedback from a friend. I was really dissapointed.
They send me wrong order I ordered mutton biryani and they send me chicken biryani and this app is worst app we can't even get in touch with customer care.
When you will order ,you will get other item ..surprising restaurant..wheather you order chiken you will always get veg cheap cost item. Better to don't order food my suggestion ..because I ordered more then twice got less cost cheap unordered item ..save money
I ordered an egg biriyani and got a chicken piece in it, disgusting! Never ever going to order from this restaurant again. Disappointed.....
Worst food, no quality this would be the worst biryani I ever i had in my entire life. This the chicken biryani without chicken and the chicken is mashed up and keema and I would say this is chicken keema biryani 🤣🤣🤣.
Ordered sechwan rice from here, the rice was not cooked properly and it was too dry and hard to eat with full off oil. I haven’t expected such food from this restaurant. They should have eaten the food first before it is sending out for delivery.
Very very bad experience for me, the waiter servicing was very bad I really irritated a lot by this environment , very bad feeling to me I requested u please improve customer servicing l, they not even response us I should call 5 more times I really feeling very bad, for me first time such a bad experience to me😑
This is bloody disgusting. I had to wait for more than 120 mins for my order. And after that got a call for cancellation of the order. If you can't sever the order let the customer know about it, don't made him wait for a long time. 120 mins of Sunday is precious for me. To hell with your service...
I ordered chicken biryani online.. Zomato delivered it ontime but food quality was very bad.. Honestly I doubt whether they are serving chicken or some other meat.. I had to thrown the biryani that they delivered.. Very bad restaurant that I felt.
Worst food received, low quality rice was used, egg fried rice was almost spoiler, unable to eat. Worst experience ever, does not recommend.
The ordered veg biryani was without vegetables..I don't understand how this is called a veg biryani..the quantity is good matching to the cost.
Ordered food via swiggy and got old and rubbery chicken. Of course it was stale and leftover stuff which was remodeled and resold. Shameful conduct,never ordering again.
The food was really bad. Onion Salad was not served. Worst taste. Rahtha and the fish ordered smelled very bad, I was completely disappointed with Shah Ghouse biryani
Shah Ghouse Hotel Did not deliver my order after making payment online. Zomato to ensure my online payment to be refunded as early as possible.
I have ordered through Zomato 1 chicken and 1 Veg biryani and received Chicken and Egg biryani.  This is second instance happened.  I have thrown away the Egg biryani and also the taste of the Chicken biryani is not so good.....
Most disappointing experience ever! Ordered for vegetable biryani during midnight hours from this restaurant. Delivery through swiggy was quick and swift but to my surprise I received only biryani rice, absolute no vegetables or masala. Very bland taste too. I do not understand why these restaurants cheats customers if they out of stock. I would not recommend anyone to trust this restaurant
I had heard a lot about this place so I went there. The dining area was pretty jammed and there seemed a lot of dirt lying around like used napkins, food etc. I anyway passed it for the fact that the place is all time busy. But then I saw a RAT nibbling on the scattered food. I reported this to the manager and he told me it's okay and 'ek do Galti toh ho jati hai' and they literally forced me to pay for my order which I did not even touch. The staff was highly rude and it has been one of the worst experiences in Hyderabad.
The hotel never updates the status of the order. I called Zomato support after 20 mins of placing the order, then the Zomato support team calls the hotel to accept the order and then they update the order. Next them mention it will be delivered by 1:11pm but again no update. I called again at 1:15pm to check what happened to the order. They again called the hotel to get an update. Then they mention your food is still getting prepared, its in the kitchen. What the hell the order that should have delivered way back its still in kitchen and you guys don't mind to update or apologize. I asked to cancel the order and Zomato said it can't cancel as it will be waste of food. Great and I am stuck with the hotel's will to deliver it or not. Pathetic service.
Food was bad. Ambience was average. I am not sure why this place is so over hyped. No way its rating should be 4.6. Will never go back to this place.
The managers are so rude to the customers. Twice they declined the entry on two consecutive days. We came here looking at the reviews but the behavior of the staff killed the mood. They seemed bias towards the guests and prefer people whom they know at the entry.
I have always loved this place but my recent experience was horrible. Even after booking the table well before time , they gave me a table on 1 st floor with all stags around me . The worst part was that it was a friday where they say they allow stag entries. The service was equally poor.
The customer service was very bad. We ordered lobster and they served us prawns with lobster shells. After a lot of argument chef accepted that yes we add prawns. But as per me there was no lo aster meat. also everyone from waiter to manager were telling different things.
Very bad
Dun bombard the menu with so many things, great hospitality and tasty food is what makes a place happening. Not coming to this place ever again
Hyderabad's most worst and ugliest biryani i had yesterday from the restaurant Eat fit and this worst restaurant people not allowing zomato people quick to the destination delivery points, it has been 2hr late i have received from the biryani from Eat fit, just disguised about the biryani of the EATFIT Alaasss.. this is a Horrible biryani i had ate in Hyderabad
Last time I ordered the food(Tofu keema wrap, dal makhni and parathe) from here, I was delivered spoiled food. The wrap was literally smelling sour and parathe were like they have been prepared in the morning and sent to us for dinner. I always order from this restaurant and since it was the first time, I wanted to ignore this But, still putting out this review so that management can introspect and figure out if this was process fault, delivery fault or a manual one.
I received food with a live green insect in it. What food standards are being followed! This is not expected from a restaurant with an ‘excellent hygiene’ title!
Zomato please help me to give them negative rating to this restaurant. I fell sick after eating their roti. How awful it is. If your food not good your packaging will not give u business
Food was open
very less quantity and food taste also not gud
they don't deliver your food. They charge for food but may deliver only half of the order. and when contacte Zomato tell you that Restaurant no. is switched off. Strange, are they in food delivery busines or this is something else? beware
I ordered lunch from here and it took them 1 hr 45 minutes to prepare the food and then another 15 minutes for Zomato to deliver. Zomato was apologetic and gave some credits but I am never going to order from this restaurant. Also the food was below average. I ordered Tofu Keema roll.
Ordered a Wok tossed millets a few months back and had a major stomach upset. The quality of food seemed really bad that time. Although I tried reaching out to Zomato customer care quite a few times they ended conversations saying someone from eat.fit team will get back. Till date I haven't received any response from either Zomato or Eat.fit
Hey Guys!! I ordered Chicken biryani from eat fit and i must say this wasn't a good experience at all...The only plus point can be given for good packaging. But packaging doesn't count as we pay for good food. The biryani didn't even taste like a biryani. It was more like fried rice with chicken dumped. 😣 Had a very bad experience...
Worst food ..... I would never order from this again... I ordered lucknowi biryani .... That turned out bullshittt.... It looked like timato chutney rice ....
Delivery boy was reluctant to the deliver the order and was unable to navigate the maps. He reached to different location and when I was trying to navigate him he said he don’t know the address which was mentioned
I ordered from this place from Zomato. The amount of food was almost negligible but the price was extorbitant. I ordered anti oxidant kick and potato flakes. The juice was ordinary and hardly 150ml. The potato flakes nothing more than normal Haldiram mixture. I am definitely not ordering next time.
 worst place to order food. Sorry however that's the reality.. Thanks."
I found a small wooden stick in the tofu keema wrap I ordered from eat.fit. Apparently, not so hygenic and healthy as they claim themselves to be!
I had ordered veg pulav and egg masala bowl no egg and no taste pulav have no vegetables even restaurant took 1 hour to give it to the delivery boy this is ridiculous 🤬🤬
I have ordered kachori & chana chaat for home delivery from zomato. I was expecting a quality food as this was not my first order from eat.fit ( previously ordered food quality being good). As soon as I opened the box bad smell was coming, then realised it was from the chana chaat and not kachori's. The chana chaat has gone bad and was not fresh due to which kachori's were also smelling bad. I had to throw away everything. I don't think I can order again with trust on their food quality.
very poor food and my items were missing
AVOID. This place is a scam. If there is even a place: I cannot find the physical restaurant on google maps by the provided address. Anyway, I ordered a healthy chicken breast dish. They claim to offer healthy dishes and organic ingredients which look fantastic on the photos. Then you get regular oily fatty suspiciously-saucy Indian takeaway full of sugar and complex carbohydrates, probably from some nearby restaurant or street food stand. The only healthy thing about it was the size of the portion. No wonder it is low on calories: you can literally finish the whole plate in 4 bites. There were exactly 2 small chunks of chicken on it, maybe 25gr total, submerged in some ketchup based sweet sauce. I doubt it was even grilled. It looked and tasted more like it was fried, although with the disgusting oily sauce sugar coating it all who knows. The picture of the plate showed a full bowl of grilled chicken breast only, plus the sides on other plates. I should have taken a photo to show on this review and compare with the one on the menu but I was too hungry and mad to think about anything but eating the disappointing food. At least it wasn't too expensive, but definitely not healthy, not cheap, and not good quality food.
Can you explain, how spicy food is healthy? In addition to this, the chapatis were super dry and both vegetables were tasteless. Not worth the wait and money of course.
Overpriced crap on the name of healthy food. The food industry has become a dark business nowadays looting customers on the name of healthy food. Quantity is too less at the price they sell.
You need to improve your packing. Had ordered veg Thai green curry with rice. By the time it was delivered to me, curry had splashed all over the container , even leaking from package. Zomato delivery person said it leaked while getting it. Had second thoughts abt whether to consume it or not.
Taste is not good and also not freshly prepared. It seems food was cooked at afternoon and delivered during evening for dinner. Also not spicy.
I have ordered for one item oat meal and received another item ghar rasma veg pulao. Which is not satisfactory and wastage of food and money.
While I am eating my food I get this in my food the steel wire it cut my tongue inside. The worst experience while having my food i am suggesting don't buy shawarma from shah ghouse
The shawarma roll had uncooked meat! I got pieces of bones too! I'm very much disappointed with Shah Ghouse spl Shawarma! The quantity may be sufficient enough but quality matters more. If uncooked...it is good for nothing.
Late delivery almost after 30 mins
Ordered special rumali chicken shawarma, was delivered uncooked chicken with a soggy rumali roti! Not worth the name!! Never ever gonna order!!
Never seen any place that is so unhygienic and dirty. Place is so dirty I have no words. Never seen anything like this. Not sure how people order and eat here.
Yesterday i ordered dry fruit shawarma from this restaurant nd it disturbed my stomach so much. At olden days it was so good but now they are giving worst Shawarma.. I instructed to add extra mayonnaise but there is no minimum mayonnaise also.. Chicken is so hard to eat cant eat it..i informed about this to zomato they are not responding nd either restaurant not responding ..dont try Shawarma here nd ruin ur health
I did not expect like this from shahghouse ..1st time sharwarma with bun..and it is SPL ...And on the cover it S G is shahghouse or another doing on your name in online...please check and do better..
For the first time when I has shawarma here it was great and thought of ordering it again... but the issue with these kind of places is that they just serve good food until they are famous and once done the quality descends drastically... the best shawarma I had is at SK Shawarma DLF and other opposite to food bazar nizampet...
i ordered chicken shawarma it’s a worst experience the chicken gets spoiled and smells we threw it away. very worst experience stay away from this restaurant.
very poor food
very bad packing n item.....the restuarant rating 4.1 and the food was not matching....its so DISAPPOINTED.......!
badWe are ordered at around 5pm but that's delivered by 7:15pm
I believe the food was spoilt because of which we fell ill that night.
worst taste i ever had
wrong item received
Shawarma is not like shawarma. It's like rumali roti filled with chicken khorma or sweet roti filled with leftover chicken curry nd some mayo in a corner that you might have to search.
I got match stick inside shawarma
good
Chicken in the shawarma is stale and stinking... Went to the place and was very unhygienic. Won't ever order anything from here. Shah ghouse quality is pathetic.
You ppl always miss the curd and raita and lemons on Biriyani order form this application please provide all the things along with food. If you don't change this ppl definitely look your collapsing in soon.
Chicken inside the Shawarma got spoiled and smelling too.. Once opened it and was smelling spoiled.. Before ordering only I thought they might use left off chicken as this is afternoon time... But due to the trust on shah Ghouse ordered it.. And initially shawarma quality use to be very good and now full of mayonnaise and and no dry fruits added to it.. I last order I thought it was by mistake he forgot but even yesterday I ordered shawarma and he repeated the same.. Food quality In shah Ghouse getting bad day by day
My peace of advice pls don't waste your money. Over pricy, but buffet spread has very less items. Very much disappointed and the food was not even hot
Food was not that great just ambience was good very very conjusted sofa area worst ac service was good but I dnt recommend this place for food
Pathetic restuarant. I had to struggle even for getting a table. Once you pay cover charge you are on your own to struggle. They messed up with everything. I ordered chilly paneer they got me chilly chicken. I mean how can a restuarant do this. After that I had to ask manager atleast 3 4 times to get every order. It took them more then 45 minutes to get me my order. It was over crowded no space to dance so people were dancing near our table and drinks spell off 3 4 times. On complaining about this nobody was even bothered to check. And at last when I saw my bill almost 3 4 items were included which we never ordered. Horrible experience. I wasted my money time and energy.
Shame on the management don't even consider the regular customer benfit Please do close it shame on you ppl please don't visit hyper local any time 🙏🏽
All services delayed, menu changes, very limited options in snack and food when asked they say it’s menu from Delhi and can’t help. Inspite of bill crossing 10k extremely reluctant to leave ice bucket on table. Asked for French fries without chillies twice but no help still after so much time fresh fries are not in. Ok last one came finally when THE MANAGER arrived after being aggressive. They want to offer free drinks but it’s not about money but experience, will share great review next time if we get one as we promised the manager to come back.
Just have been here for a team lunch . They said they offer buffet and when we sit to eat , it's just one non veg starter and two veg starters . When we enquire they say that Sandwich is a starter..Lol .. and even the starters look like prepared for breakfast and served for lunch . Would never ever recommend this place for buffet . WORST EXPERIENCE. would have given 0 rating if it existed
I really want to give nill rating but i couldnt because zomato doesnt provide option. Please note that this is the second time i went to hyper local.1st time was my engagement party in feb2019, and we loved everything about the restaurant be it service,food quality ambience..i strongly insisted my friends for office party so we went on may1st..we took buffet and that was the worst decision that we took..firstly there was no food,we requested multiple times to refill but they didnt at all..next,service was tooooo poor they were not even responding.no plates,no bowls.food quality was worse..whatever the left over food they have in the bowl were not hot..note that i went at 1:30pm to restaurant. Fullyy disappointed for coming and wasting our day out
The food is cold even after repeated requests for warm food. The service is pathetic and slow.. Am sure this place is going to close in couple of months. Will never visit again even if they offer free buffet. This was the experience of everyone who were at the restaurant this afternoon.
I had the worst experience here on April 5th, 2019. I came here with my friends. They first served cold non veg platter. However, the worst came in when we ordered Momo's. The container had three cockroaches running around. We returned it immediately. The music was pathetic as well. We left the place as soon as we could.
The place is good not the staff (untrained), few of the staff behave like we owe them some money and they are doing a favour for us , even though music and ambience are good
I had a very experience related to the hygiene of the place. We were in the balcony when we saw cat walk through the separation (it separates balcony from the bar). We told the person serving us and he said that the cat often comes here and does nothing. You don't have to worry about anything. Till that time we had ordered our food. But seeing the cat walk by and no one batting an eye we cancelled the order and walked out.
Crap food, less varities, and no drinks in buffets. Not recommended at all. Not recommended at all. Not recommended at all. Not recommended at all.
I tried to visit the place and asked the waiters if we can use the 2+2 on drinks for non alcoholic drinks as well. The waiter informed us that it is not possible but if we want we can switch to 1+1 for starters. Then a new waiter came and upon ordering he informed us that this is impossible but what was even more frustrating was that he started speaking in Hindi despite the fact that it was obvious that we don’t speak Hindi. Of course we left immediately and don’t think that will ever come back.
We Ordered alphonso ice cream.. we got it with only 2-3 pieces of mango.... This is not expected from cream stone. As we r regular customer.
Quality was bad ...they just scoop ice cream
I have ordered nuts loaded ice cream and also dry fruit ice cream. Really both ice creams taste was worst. They have added more anjeer rather than other dry fruits.Really I didn't feel like I am eating ice cream because of anjeer. I never going to order ice cream from cream stone. People who wants ice cream taste don't go for cream stone dry fruit, nuts overloaded and Afghan ice cream.price also not reasonable.
Look at the quantity of icecream charging 175 and the product should be worth to it right ......and the brownie is not at all backed its completed rock chilled
I am not happy the way it is managed. No proper response from the workers. My order was not yet prepared and these people are not ready to replace my 1 order out of 10+ items which I have orders . These people are not working for customer satisfaction. They are working for only money. Not at all happy this time.
Ordered Fruit exotica and fruit and nuts ice-cream on two different days, once from swiggy and once from zomato. The ice-creams were both melted and lacked the flavour and quality that is usually offered by cream stone. Highy DISAPPOINTED!! I was a fan of cream stone ice-creams but I won't recommend this to anyone ever again. Not worth spending money on.
Ordered fruit exotica and I don't know what the hell is this ice cream but sure it's not what I ordered , not the experience what I wanted but that was indeed a surprise
Taste was pathetic....I didn't like it.... Roadside ice cream would be better than this.
quantity was less
 but taste is not at all good."
Poor Service. Have ordered ice cream and it took 1 hour to reach me..by the time when it reached it's not like ice cream it's like milk shake... completely melted. They didn't add solid ice inside the package at all.. too pathetic online delivery service by creamstone gachibowli branch... Never expected this from them because am a big fan of creamstone...it disappointed me badly by it's poor service
not ggod
ice cream was melted before it reached me and I didn't see dry ice pieces in it either service was too bad
Ice cream was good , but it's totally got melt as delivery boy took a lot of time to reach. He mentioned it as delivered as soon as he picked order. He took nearly 45 minutes to come.
Been there for couple of times hoping that they will improve in terms of quality and service but honestly if you really want to eat some dumplings mix with 2or 3 pices of potatoes or paneer or whatever then go there and I bet you you will curse yourself later the funniest thing is that they don’t even know how to make a proper paratha or kulcha they are just making fool to everyone on the name of “North Indian Food” instead search for another joints in Madhapur or Gachibowli like “Parathas and more” or “just paratha” there you will get the real authentic food.
Dropped down my expectations. Ordered aloo tikki which was worst and palak chat which ended up delivering dhahi chat. That tasted sweet. I regret ordering.
In plain simple words overhyped. Very greasy and oily and bland taste. Order chole bhatire, mix veg kulcha, daal makhani and aloo tikki. Everything was very poor in taste. Better to put some effort and visit Bikanerwala in jubilee hills.
Maybe all these 4 and 5 star reviews are paid ones. Ordered aloo paratha... First of all quality of the food is bad. Bad odour from raita and then instead of sending pickle, they sent something where I can only see mirchis but no pickle.
Food had no flavour , doesn't have any flavour of authentic punjabi food food is too plain..would not recommend this even as last resort ... Try to
Taste not good as expected. Ordered a dahi papdi chaat but not worthy. Taste not good as expected. Ordered a dahi papdi chaat but not worthy.
Testless food.nan are almost burnt.don't like the food at all.the paneer butter masala tests like sumber.they have send tadka in place of dal makhni.totally wastage of money.
I received wrong order..i tried to contact with restaurant but they didn’t received the call...this is the worst experience ever i ordered online
We ordered samsa chola kulcha chola and sandwichs The taste quality is too much low I did not eat this type of quality food from different restaurant...worst taste and worst quality I ever had .....
roti nd nan both u gave me without butter nd i ordered with butter...nd both are burnt. even paneer curry quantity was too less man..no1 can eat a single chapathi with that...nd panner pieces were in burnt condition.
They will accept your order even if they don't have the items. After 40 mins they say they don't have it and doesnt cancel it. And Delivery boy will also mark your order as delivered. In short words , go for dine in or choose different good apps to order .
Too bad service, does not accept the Order multiple times & does not receive Calls too. And the best part, they cancel the Orders after money gets deducted. Very bad experience, I mean WORST Experience.
no spoon ... no tissues
tasteless dal makhani... eating kulcha with it made it tasteless too!
yesterday there was leakage of water pipe(possibly drainage pipe)at restaurant .... instead of repairing that they are shamelessly kept counter open .... customer had to stand in line while water is leaking beside and at the same time eat beside that water leaking pipeline .... I would suggest first repair pipe line and then open restaurant....... serving in this condition to customers shows no value of customers
Ordered bhel puri from this place and I found an ant in while I was eating. These guys are unhygienic and dont take necessary precautions to ensure that they protect the food they prepare from all the insects around the area. Be careful!
The delivery guy didn't return the change. He said he ll be getting change in 5 mins and he disappeared.
If there was an option of putting up 0 stars, I wouldn't have hesitated. Look at the kind of food they offer. I had ordered this 'Aloo Kulcha Combo' from this restaurant. A burnt kulcha, and not even a bowlful of Dal was served. The combo mentioned pickle as well, but that wasn't sent either. Despite complaining them with requisite proofs, no action was taken. TERRIBLE!
I order a veg biryani. It was cold when it reached me. The taste was just bland and they had 1/4th of the biryani filled with half cooked beans. Even the cauliflower was not cooked properly. They should just remove the biryani from their menu forever.
Had the worst experience ever. Having ordered Paneer Butter Masala and getting Mix Veg paranthas was not at all expected. So guys be prepared if you get a totally different dish than what you order online.
This is the worst barbeque , i have ever seen in my life. Barbeque for name sake. No barbeque item like paneer, fish was baked properly. waste of money
We were here to give our treat to a group of friends. What started out with cold barbeque, bad grills turned out to worst. The grill was replaced and hot starters were served so the point of the grill was totally made redundant. As soon as we pointed out that the service was slow and the starters weren't coming quickly, we dint know what we were calling for. The waiters visited our table every 2-3 mins to enquire if everything is alright now. I am not exaggerating when I say that they came to me at least 20-25 times in the next one hour to let them know that they are doing good. I did not dare to say that they weren't still good with the service and starters we were asking were not coming. They almost forced us to say they were excellent as apparently the rating for them was important even if it meant disturbing us every odd minute and spoiling the whole meal. Finally I was forced to give them an excellent rating as the man stood next to me till I did that. Feedback is to improve and not to be used as a tool torture. The food was nevertheless mediocre except the mutton sheek kabab and chicken pepper soup which was good. Barbeque nation, please don't pay your folks based on our ratings if you are doing that coz it's extremely irritating being answerable every minute. Btw, this was my second experience of feedback taken wrong but the first one was not as bad.
Good place for team lunch but has pathetic veg starters option(potato and mashroom) but they tell will smile that this is all for today .I am writing this review whole I am in the restraint itself.improve Barbeque..every customer is important.
I ordered a chicken American chopsey, and they gave me this. There was no noodles in it nor soup. The dish was more of a chicken salad. Wrong order delivered.
They delivered a stale food at night when ordered from zomato. I paid INR 400 for stale food and when i tried calling restaurant had closed. No one helped
Worst place to have a sizzler. Tried hyderabadi sizzler which was just rotten chicken biriyani on a hot plate. The noodles in the veg sizzler were very bad as well. These guys dont know how to make a sizzler. The staff was also not well trained.
Vegetables are not cooked properly waste of money
Food was not that great for the price range that they have!! Disappointed!! Service was also not that great! Had to call the waiter at least 4 times for them to serve the food!!
I have order veg sizzler but and they served me the non veg sizzler. I had it without knowing it. The server was rude, unpolite and refused to accept his mistakes and even manager to the same extent. There is no proper communication between chef and server. It was worst experience in my life as I am a pure vegeterian. I would recommend not to visit this place. I would choose negative rating as a best option.
Went to this for an office lunch, the time taken to get the food out is unbelievably high. On top of this a vegetarian colleague was told that the food is vegetarian and got served chicken instead. Never coming back!
Worst food and service.. After long waiting we got the food.. We ordered starters and sizzler.. They prepared the food and forgot I think.. This is the first I have seen a place with starters in cold stage... Been to this place for more than 10 times and never had complaints on food. But today is nightmare.. Worst food and their best item is chicken shashlik sizzler which is worst today.. Bye bye Absolute..
Had a bad experience today in Absolute sizzler. Chicken served in the sizzler is half cooked and we left the chicken without eating. Soft Drink served is not chilled its room temperature. The person who served soft drink has not informed us that the drink is not available in chilled temperature, staright way he served it and then informed us that it is no chilled . Overall experience is very bad.
I'd give a better review if the food was at least doable. The place lacks ambience and there were a lot of minor inconveniences due to communication problems.
Bad food, bad ambience, bad service, clueless waiters and expensive food. Such a waste of money. Everything was bad. I regret going to this place.
The place serves below average food. The place is supposed to specialize in sizzlers, but that didn't taste good either. To add up, the waiters were totally clueless. Utter waste of money!
This is the worst pasta i have ever had....pasta is sweet and dry and not even cutlery oregani or chillifslkes are provided never order......
We went for lunch and ordered two sizzlers, veg and non veg. Both were not up to the mark. Taste was not good and portion size was less. Not enough veggies in the dish. But one good thing I liked the ambience. Need to improve loads on the taste part
Chicken is not boiled or fried. Its all raw
This is what we were served today when we ordered for Grilled Paneer. I think this was someone's left over which we were served. Giving the benefit of doubt that they might have made some mistake, I informed them that it might be a mistake but the manager said that they didn't have enough plated to serve and hence they served it like this. After a lot of arguments they finally decided to change it. BUT the story does not end here. They served us ice cold paneer in a different plate. I will just finish my beer and leave now.
Apparently that's their garnish. Oh yeah, the orange peel on the plate. Was my drink the dustbin? Lol 😅. Oh wait, I guess maybe I never had a cocktail. That's what the waiter said. Horrible service. The guy wasn't ready to even call the manager.
This place is stupid and extremely discriminating . As a guy you are not allowed to enter the dance floor . The bouncers are hostile and say that unless you have a girl , you cannot enter the dance floor . I understand there might be instances of guys Misbehaving but the attitude of the management towards people is extremely hostile . I'm never coming here
The Lady Bouncer Aunty with glasses at the desk didn't allow us to go inside as we were wearing Slides. She referred the slides as 'Slippers' straight to our faces. They should've mentioned about 'Shoes' in Zomato app. I feel so sad about the half knowledge of the aunty at the Reception desk. Will never visit this place, Ever.
They always deny the table on weekends or Friday even though we book on Zomato or other apps due to high demand, this is not fair if we did a pre booking
Bunch of hypocrites. One cannot enter unless they have a girl beside them. One cannot enter unless they have shoes tied to their feet. One cannot enter unless their lower limbs are fully covered (for guys). We pay you to get us drunk,not to judge us based on our footwear and whom we tag along. You think someone without shoes can't behave or pay you the bill? Pathetic stereotypes.
Service was way too slow. We had to wait 40 minutes for a single dish. The drinks menu (on the app) is good but they never have enough stock so don't even bother going here for drinks. Single guys are not allowed on the dance floor. BBQ chicken wings was putrid. Worst of all? Look at the picture I attached, they cheat you by giving you smaller shot glasses when you're very drunk. Horrible experience.
We are the regular for this pub from beginning.Today we have visited this place , waiting more than 30 minutes for our order to place .They are being in confusion to take the order. I felt like we are treated like beggars and there is no proper grooming with staff . I didn’t saw proper response paid for a customer . As usual the food is good. Dj was good with nice songs.This time the overall experience was totally bad😖😡😬☹️
Horrible experience. Wouldn't want to come here ever again. Horrible food. Horrible service. Extremely disappointed with the entire package.
Lal street management didn't allow us . Zomato doesn't mention stags are not allowed here in the app. I went there and came back. Is it a girl required to enter lal street? crazy
one of the worst service ever I recieved today. I don't wana refer anyone to this place. I contacted the lal street they told me about the happy hours menu and after going there tha menu has been totally changed i. e. from 1+1 to 99 and i didnt like this and worst ever service
The waiter here. Specially manager srini is worst and rude person here. Suggest never go to this place , they treat people as they are getting food for free.
No words very very very bad service I ever had. I wish this outlet would close forever. Staff??? Oh yeah staff they don't give a fuck to any customer. Because its a brand its KFC guys. Common no guys its KFC so one cares about review in zomato. Fuck this outlet.
chicken peaces not frided properally....and quantaty and quality are very bad.....i am seriously disappointed for these order.wednes day offer so many peoples are exacted for u r offers but u r not mainted proper quaility....i am really disappointed.....i never ever not ordered again..
I had bad experiences at this place multiple times. The management has no sense of customer experience. The people working there dont even respond to customers properly. While ordering, they don't check the inventory. We had to wait for 30 min for order to be served and even after that, there were some items missing. When asked how long it would take, they just responded vaguely. Iam not planning on visiting this place ever again.
I have ordered zinger box meal, the chicken inside is raw for the piece and the burger. I Don't recommend that this KFC is hygiene in cooking.
on March 20th 2019, I've ordered 3 8 piece Smoky Grilled, which is worth of 1,857 rupees through Zomato. Instead of getting three 3 8 piece order, i was only given 2 8 piece order and 1 Hot crispy. I've called the customer care and i was assured call back. But, they didnt. when i've approached Zomato, i was told that there is nothing that they can do about it. Here is the twist of the tale -   instead of refund or replacement, i was only given 150 ruppes zomato credits. I would really not recommend orders from this place, as the customer treatment is pathetic. Since this is a corporate order, i strongly recommend my Food committee not to order anything from KFC in bulk.
worst service and i have spoke to the franchise owner and i know him in Hyderabad he told me. he can't do business with high quality ingredients, please don't go to KFC restaurant
I ordered rice chicken porpcorn mealbox.. They only gave me the rice box no popcorn... Very bad experience.. I trusted this place.. I am very disappointed😑
we have got wrong order
i don't knw d reason why everytime this particular branch of KFC declines my order.. however other branches who r far dan dis beanch accepts my order.. i do not blame KFC as a whole, but this branch of gachibowli is just ridiculous. if u want to decline the order, den y do u evn take ordrs frm zomato 😠😡
one piece missing
Dips were not delivered. Order incomplete
this is not up to kfc
ordered something and recieved something else
Eagerly waited for food with kids.... only half order delivered... spent rest of the time chasing the rest of the order......................................
Both the zomato and kfc are cheating employees. Since order is placed on zomato app and delivered by kfc people none of them is willing to take responsibility even when the order is not delivered for two hours. Sad part is zomato is not refunding money which means customers are paying for not having their meals
Great food, worst attitude of staff members - Especially Mr.Ajay. Rude and never accepted his fault of taking the order wrongly, made me stand in queue and order again. God knows how he got a 3 star badge.
Really slow delivery and hopeless responses when questioned about the same. If the orders can't be served on time atleast inform customers ahead.
Ordered Zinger burger through Zomato at 21:30 and it took two hours for delivery. When i complained about delay, they say 'Restaurant is saying they have provided the perfect order'
food taste was very different..didn't feel that I was eating kfc chicken
the crispy stuff inside the burger was yuk
The smoky grilled are the worst chicken I ever tasted. I just throw away the chicken. Really very dissatisfied with KFC. I will never again visit KFC
Their delivery sucks their customer service has dropped pathetic customer service very rude delivery guys who have no manners how to speak to women I will never order from KFC again.Really if you continue to misbehave & ill treat your customers you will pay for it & you will be chucked out of India like Mac Donalds okay never threaten your customers you guys are disgusting.Will never order from you again & I hope you shut down because you do not respect your customers any more.Pathetic & Disgusted with KFC.
worst delivery
ordered chicken popcorn rice blow where chicken popcorn was missing. And 6pcs boneless strips had only 5 pcs.
very late
worst the quality nd quantity is too bad.i hate KFC
I ordered food and waited 2 hrs,no response,I cancelled order wen m done waiting,next day I ordered same and waited so long.still no response, and cancelled it after waiting 2 and half hrs,very bad service.
worst
I ordered food here.but one guy called me nd said food is not available. Restaurant guy called me nd declined the order. If food was not available ,you should not taken the order.
I ordered Lucknowi veg galouti kebab and paratha through ZOMATO but the quality of the kebab needs some serious improvement and were very oily too.
i ordered punjabi chicken and my experience was horrible. Such a costly thing of rs 300 and such less quantity that hardly one person can eat. The food too was not fresh and was stale and was smelling. had to throw it away and neither zomato nor these ppl lsitened to any queries. I wud suggest not to order from here as u can easily get at this price from good restaurants
Was served very bad quality of chicken, even for the second time. They mixed kebab chicken in butter chicken and 2 to 3 varieties of chicken were mixed and chicken is half cooked and had a very bad smell
After so much of appreciations was tempted for a punjabi thali And have ordered the same. But the wait was not worth it. Dal was flavoured with colours and paneer was not at all delicious and soft. Wont recommend for a vegetarian punjabi thali.
Terrible. Chicken masala curry had only 1 piece which was about one inch square on the bone. Extremely hot...cant taste any major spiced except loaded red chilly. Gave me gas for a good 30 mins.
I didn't get any gravey item sherva.. how can we eat without gravey don't you have sense to send without sherva along without Biryani...
I received hens hair in chicken haleem,,........, Also I ordered chicken 65 biryani but received veg biryani.. What kind of customer service is that....
Chicken 65 not good because small and cooler red more and more . udjjsekjawigsjeisijueusoawjhssslbsksoegjsfak date s have hdaivdbskbduauhsjsjjskakskskskhdvdhsjs
Very bad and untasty food. I doubt if it was even fresh. The chicken looked so unhygienic and old. I Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
I ordered Afghani chicken from here but I got Curry chicken with mix of omlate.i really disappointed from zomato.why they have this type of hotel in ordered list.i request zomato to please block this restaurant.
If there was zero stars then i could have given that, never order food from here, the chicken which they have served was completely stale, the rotis was cold. Very much poor experience !!
There were offers running around and we ordered chilli chicken and chicken 65 from this place. Even though having average reviews thinking that the food might be ok but then the food was average and it was not fresh I guess and so it affected our health.
 i think they have cooked it in afternoon & delivering in night"
Food tastes very very bad.i ordered chicken biryani and tangidi kebab.rice wasnt boiled well and kebab was not cooked at all .I suggest no 1 should order from this hotel zara Hi-fi.Guys just dnt see the pics and order, also see the reviews aswel.
I ordered from this place before. It was good. But I had a very bad experience with the last order. I ordered kadai chicken. The pieces were spoiled. The gravy was smelling really bad. I am not happy with the service. Not going to order from here again.
I have ordered food from this place a couple of times. Each time was a disappointment. The food is extremely spicy, lacks taste, and the meat that they serve seems stale.
Worst quality of food. Have faced vth butter chicken n butter nons from here. Worst i have eaten till date. I rate this 1/10. Please improve hotel zara..
I order chicken biriyani handi... it has nothing .. its like podi meals and 2 bitter milk pocket and i am not able fully beacuase its not tasty also... fully waste of money
horrible portion of chicken and disastrous mirchi ka salan if i rate all my biryani experience in last 15 years this will be at the bottom of pasific i got 3 pieces of 65 in chicken 65 biryani and half Brest piece of chicken biryani god why did i ever order from this cheap place
Food delivery was taken 1 hr 10 mints, and food is very high spicy unable to eat, so we have thrown in dustbin. Worst experience with this restaurant.
Almost 20 of my friends had vomited the food within a couple of hours after eating. The price of the items is cheap so is the quality of food.
I ordered Chicken 65 from this restaurant on 19th feb 2019, the quality of the food was not good, i had vomitings immediately after having the food..
Quality is decreasing exponentially i request you to please dont order food here why because my health got damaged very badly after eating food here.
Very poor food, it wasn't fresh. Too much oily, chapati you can't even chew so much refined flour. I ordered chicken but it was not fresh.Disappointed..
If anyone wants to order from this restaurant, think before you order the food, they will give the biryani rice from Chicken Biryani even if you order for a Veg Biryani, and the butter naan will be like a chewing gum, u have to chew it for a long time to swallow it...........
The taste is very bad and the quantity is very very very. Very very lessssssssssssssssss. Which will not be sufficient. Very bad packing also
Food is pathetic. I was not able to eat it was too spicy n salty. I ordered kadai chicken but received only 1 piece of chicken.Very bad experience. Naan was totally black in color.
Such a bad dry biryani and soggy chilly chicken.Better close your restaurant.I donot like when food goes to dustbin.such a waste preparation of food.
worst food, unhealthy, chicken was uncooked
I received my life times worst ever noodles from here....got a smell and taste like it is burnt over coal...though it has been two days since I tasted...my buds still remember the taste. Hate that and no response from Zomato for the complaint even now. I don't prefer to order or have something from this place again.
Poor quality and quantity and food is not nice and packing is not nice and food is not taste full and feeling sad why I ordered this food from this restaurant
no test less quality
worst experience ever and never received such option from ZOMATO , the food served was spoiled one , however delivery by zomato was appreciable , complete wastage of money , should have spoiled my health , never suggest one to order from it.
chicken bad smell and seems it got spoiled.
only one small piece of chicken was sent. worst experience ever!
Too spicy
This is one of the worst restaurants I have ever eaten from.I generally don't give bad reviews to anything. But, this food was exceptionally bad.
Not tasty at all. Bad quality.
The food wasn't good at all. I had the food and within half and hour I had a stomach problem. Please don't buy food from this restaurant. Worst Experience.
Worst experience with delivery time.. It took 2 hrs to deliver a food for 10 min distance place.. Really bad experience.. Hope it improves..
food is not good I never taste in my life and the parking too bad The rotis and curry is too bad I don't want to give the restaurant one star rating also
Order was late so called the restaurant. They started yelling the moment he picked the call saying '' we are not responsible. See before calling. And was extremely rude ''. Clearly they have no regard for customer and hence very well explains why the food is cheap
Extremely bad taste. Very very vry bad
The food was not good. The chicken pieces were stinking. also the bread was hard instead of being soft. please refund my money
not at all tasty.. it was very spicy
Hi had vomitings after having the food.
I ordered chicken afgani but I don't know what I got. It was mix curry of chicken and fish, smelling bad and seems un heigenic , packing was also very ordinary like street food Corner.
very less quantity waste of money and delivery time took 2 hours
Most terrible place. I used to love Chennai 10D And with that brand I went to Hyd 10D. Firstly they took cover charge for a couple and they had no seats. Could have told us we have no seats we would not have paid cover charge. We stood for good 20 mins and then given bad seats near the speaker where one couldn't even talk! And then the waiters weren't serving us food properly. Had to ask them twice after whicj they took order and when they did they didn't give us cutlery. Can you even imagine??? I had to ask that give forks !!!!!!! I had the worst experience ever of going to a place. Extremely disappointed. Please learn how to manage a crowd. Also I wanted to book my table beforehand. But the option was not even available on Zomato and they won't pick up call. It just felt they didn't want things to be systematic. Extremely disappointed.
Reading the reviews we visited this place, however our experience was not good. We were not offered our preferred seat even when most of the tables were empty and unreserved. Few of the staff members were rude and rigid and the food was fine.
Definitely one of the worst places to go for food.....If you order pasta oligo e olio, you get veggie noodles (yes, not even spaghetti) and the server tries to convince you that's it's what the dish is meant to be.....And you order chicken steak...You get a stale lump of so something covered in a sauce that's possibly cooked and stored for days...... Dangerous to go there.
Very rude staff. Ask them for corporate discount and they will ask you to cancel your reservation. Such a pathetic thing to say to any customer!
I dont know what kind of pub is this.. U people dont allow stag on weekends and u people allow on weekdays... Bill tho stag hi pay kartha reey bhai.. Yehi city meey highlife, lal steet, repete, clubN, playboy, prost, koi bhi tum logoke jaisa behave nahi Kartheey better come out from that illusion
Ordered Chicken manchuria dry and biriyani... chicken was completely dry... it was not at all moist and manchurian taste was not at all induced into it... ordered full sent me half.... biriyani was like a spicy pulao... plz understand the difference between biriyani and pulao
Worst thing I got 4 dinner, I ordered Full grill it was not all grilled unable to eat also Full like a flesh the worst grill in my life I hate
Worst biryani they mix normal rice in biryani more than basmati. Ordered fish biryani and it tasted pathetic. It was the first time I ordered and IL make sure not to order or visit such a disgusting place ever again.
Response from hotel is “khaana hi to kha nai to ja” AC doest work in summer and even server behaves as if hez the owner of hotel. Doesn’t recommend for dine in here.
Not so polite staff. Many things that we wanted to have were not available. Except Biryani everything was not so good. Don't try double ka meetha
They given normal chicken meat by marinating that I was ordered grilled chicken .worst grilled I ever tested .please ever try at this resturent
Never ever order grill chicken and rumali roti from this place.Served a half cooked chicken and damn cold and old rumali roti. The chicken was pathetic, I hope i dont get food poisoning. Too bad. Even the onion were damn stale.
The taste of chicken 65 was very bad no soup & not at all hot worst taste I expected more but 1% also not reached to my expectations can you improve more
This food is very worst I have no words to Say this is too much yach , you people are like begger for money and also I want to let you know that I am never going to order from you soon
Ordered from Zomato, very bad Rotis, were made of Maida, half baked. Rotis were having an unpleasant smell (don't know what was that). Had to dispose off and order from different resturant. Very bad experience
This place is worst.. biryani worst than ever... no quality of rice and not at all good ingredients.. worst biryani ever I eated. Worst worst worst.
Worst Biryani I have ever tasted..... Experience was not at all good.. Staff is also not so cooperative.. Ambience is also not that good.. Okayish..
Worst experience. Grilled chicken was spoiled. First I thought it was not cooked well but I realized that foul smell is coming and the chicken is not at all fresh.
Ordered Mushroom Curry from Pakwaan Grand via zomato. The worst chicken non veg curry , with no chicken ke naam par ek bons How can anyone serve piece First & last time, no more ordering.
I ordered special mutton biryani in pakwan. The biryani is oily and full spicy. I hope the biryani is afternoons one. Pieces are not boiled and very bad experience with pakwan grand. Please appoint a good chef 😠😠😠
I was ordered egg biryani but I was found a chicken piece in egg biryani how iam eat now , The restaurant people is such a worst people nd west restaurant in That area !!!!
I'd ordered chicken biryani a couple of times before because it was good. However this time it was very disappointing. It was a piece of dry chicken with dry rice with no masala at all.
Ordered grill chicken from zomato... must say.. never had more pathetic grill chicken in life... The chicken was so hard , couldn't try more than one piece
Bad quality of pieces
arey idiot, you have given chicken biriyani. I ordered mutton biriyani. what the hell are u doing there ?
Negligence towards the work I believe
Such a stupid restaurant.had a very bad experience order confirmed billing also done through online when I was waiting for my order oafter 1 he they rejected the order and the hvnt received credit also
 when metioned this all to the manager he was reluctant to hear the feedback"
food delieverd with wrong item
worst service that I ever faced
it was coated with full oil can't even eat happily
its not biryani. its plain rice mixed with some masala..I have ordered from this restaurant earlier but this time it is horrible.
Wrong Order Received
In name of offer on Uber Eats, this restaurant is cheating with customers, using third class quality rice for biryani and no meat at all in mutton biryani, not even single piece, atleast rice should be good, that also full masala and full oily. Will complain to food inspection officials of GHMC, customers will get diseases by eating such kind of full masala biryani and low quality rice
I accept that the biryani was soon good. but the raita was stale and sour. As such reputed restaurant, they should look after quality
Bad food egg was smashed
I ordered Rajma which turned out to be salty spiced water without any Rajma in it. Avoid the place because quality doesn’t seem to be given much importance.
Place is a mess was shocked to see chaos the other day and i had an upset stomach after having the food from here there was total confusion i will never order from this place again n frank opinion it reminded me of hell sorry but i spoke my mind.
The paneer paratha is not good as expected. It need to be improved. The paneer stuffed insided paratha is not seem to be fresh instead it look like worst paneer that I had eaten so far.
Very sad with the order. The youghurt/curd used to make the lassi was utterly sour. Somehow managed to drink and my stomach was upset. Please use fresh Curd.
half of the order was not delivered by the restaurant. and they didn't bother to pick the call for that
Do you guys understand the meaning of half and full quantity while you deliver food? How it affects the situation during lunch when the food delivered is incomplete and cannot be eaten by two, this 1* is to ruin my personal experience with you guys. As even the zomato CS was pathetic to resolve it
I havent got my order yet!!!
Very bad packing of the food. It all got mixed with each other. Couldn't have the meal which I ordered. Pls make sure to pack properly when sending it for the delivery.
did not give paratha as mentioned in menu
worst. please stop selling chole bhature
Ordered Kadhi pakoda rice combo (Nov 2018). It was extremely bad. The rice seemed to be cooked with a lot of baking soda. Kadhi was awful to taste. Avoid this dish.
I have ordered big Aloo Paratha with butter, pickle, raita but they have only delivered Paratha without anything. Not sure how they are expecting us to eat only dry Paratha.
Poori with aloo curry.... Not at all good... Poori is like paratha and full of oil. Texture is very hard and curry with full of masala.... I had my worst breakfast
received half order......paratha with curry was delivered without curry ........ while paying for combo
I didnt get what i ordered...i ordered dal makhni combo and i got combo without dal makhni, just got rice ,roti and onion....terrible service
I agree... They provide food better than ordinary. But i would definitely not recommend people to order from here. They provided incomplete order which is ok... It can happen. But over that they were not responsible too... Their behaviour is very rude which is not professional. It sounded as if it's my fault not theirs.
I am giving a bad rating not to the restaurant but because of zomato... Everytime I order food the instructions are not properly relayed to the restaurant and I end up getting something which I can't eat(for example spicy or with onions). They simply refuse to cancel the order and even if I ping them separately everytime they say "system gitch" .. very bad delivery service by zomato. Zomato clearly doesn't care about it customers but may be they will listen to the restaurants may be because, due to zomato restaurant's name is going for a sale here...
Got dal chawal instead of dal makhni
I ordered dal makhni , garlic naan and butter roti... It wasn't good at all. It tasted a bit sour.. Like a stale food. Roti n naan were hard to chew.
Very bad taste including Vegetarian and Non-Vegetarian. Deserts were stale. Paneer was like rubber. AC was not working, and very bad service...
Worst experience with this hotel. Food taste was very bad. No attention from servers. We even doesn't know that there are rotis and icecream. No one bothered to serve. Only peanuts was good among all the food. But for peanuts 1000 bugs is too much. And most special thing is a tile from wall fell down where a customer missed it in a inch. Plz don't sit at the last.
Ordered Achari Paneer Tikka through Dwight and for a restaurant that claims to be a top notch restaurant and charges exorbitant rates for the same....they sent stale stinky paneer tikka which had to be thrown in the dustbin. Extremely disappointed. Money lost and no replacement provided from the restaurant....not worth it!
Came to get dinner, made a reservation in advance. Sat for the first 10 mins waiting for someone to get a menu and water.. after 20 mins of waiting for water and asking a few times for someone to take the order we decided to leave when no one came. Still no questions asked on why we're leaving. I guess one can plan a visit if they have a lot of time in their hands and or are not hungry. Had heard good things but this experience changes my mind completely. Won't recommend it for the service
Very bad service, food was not good. They took lot of time for clearing the plates, arranging tables.  Had to pay the money without bill. not worth at all for that price.
One of the worst places to visit ...horrible experience... We waited for 45 min after placing our order and then walked out of the place without eating anything... First they misplaced the order at a time when there was only two other busy tables and then they had the audacity to come with a pizza and offer us and then realize that it was for someone else...
I suggest pls pls don’t visit this place . Such a worst food I never experienced. The worst experience is I found a bug in a blue berry cheese cake and also so many flies . I would rate 0 if i had a chance . No smiling service would again and again suggest don’t visit this place.
Pathetic service. Staff is not trained. Served cold food. Food is not great. Service is way too slow. Staff has no knowledge about anything. Will not come again.
We went here for a friend's birthday. The service is extremely bad. The servers routinely forgot orders and various dishes didn't come and they still charged us for the same. We had to fight to get those off the bill. The food is also bland and nothing to write home about. Extremely disappointed. Not at all recommended.
Bad experience ,the dishes ordered were cold and all were brought together on table i.e. appetizers and main course. Sushi was very bad in taste , pina colada was just mild cold... Chilli broccoli was served dry without any sauces and post requesting 3-4 times the garlic sauce was served. Overall not worth it even one star and my last ever visit.
Got food poison after eating quesadilla yesterday(12/2). Had to admit in hospital for a day had to spend 4k INR. Will never recommend this to anyone.
I am a regular customer when it comes to ordering from amul. I ordered "all chocolate ice cream" from amul. According to the description there was supposed to be perk and kitkat and hot chocolate fudge in it but there was nothing of it. It was a normal choco chips ice-cream which I could have got for 80Rs instead I paid 180Rs for it. My suggestion just order basic ice-creams from amul don't go for anything else which is costly. And when the delivery boy delivered the ice-cream it was melting. Disappointed by the service of the outlet.
Have ordered from here so many times but when i got the wrong order the restaurant doesnt trust me and expects me to go through a hassle so that they ll get convinced and send me the correct item...(asked for Anjeer and got something else,sent a photo to zomato and the restaurant wants me to talk to someone else and take their number and send then photos and wait for their reply,no one has so much time and customer service shud be easier
Need to improve the food quality. Ordered Hot Choclate Brownie with Vanilla Ice Cream which was not good. Bownie was hard, no hot choclate found. Vanilla ice cream alone was good.
very late delivery
I had this ice cream tooty-fruity. It was so horrible. There were pieces of something that were tasteless and they put so much nuts and other bullshit that the only thing that was okay the actual ice cream I couldn't have the taste of that too. I literally puked the entire thing after having a severe stomach ache. DO NOT HAVE TOOTY-FRUITY unless it's just a scoop with no add-ons.
neglible brownie qty... fooling people in delivery orders
worst
worst taste
didn't deliver
Missing spoons!
They are just making people fools.I orderd for belgium chocolate ice cream they gave me normal chocolate with some chocolate syrup on it.owner is too rude as well.I asked him then he said that it will get same taste as belgium chocolate.Better to go to another outlet nearby
Not yet received
Delivered only 4 ice Cream
one order was supposed to be a thick shake but it came out to be ice cream, Dissatisfied , serving below standard food late night
bekar
Starters was ok to taste but after effect lasted for days. The colour of the stools was black for almost 5 days from the day we visited that place. My friends experience after having those starters was horrible.She was admitted in hospital.
the name resembles this place with their prices(Skyhy).Very bad experience, worst food, worst service. We ordered spicy grill chicken, we couldn’t differentiate whether it was chicken or some other cheap meat. The fish fingers were oily as Hyderabad’s summer sweat! 😂. I would rate 0/5 for this place
If there z an option to give 0 I certainly do that disgusting food ordered multiple option thinking at least this one should be fine but none of the dishes are promising not even close to basic taste avoid this pub nothing means nothing in food and price range is not less...if u dare to go after looking into this review no one can’t stop u . worst experience ever had..
Been there with friends. They took 2 hours to get a starter. No lights and he refused to turn on lights. Regret visiting this place .. I will not go there again
The worst behaviour of staff, we are seating on rooftop and went to dance floor leaving our belongings at our table and one Stuart comes and asks us credit card as deposit. What kind of service is this, in last 12 years i have visited 100s of pubs in India no one asked such. Dear SKYHY if u think u r one of top pub, listen there are more which give better service than you.
Worst place to be on a Saturday evening. Service was slow and there were hardly 3 tables with close to 30people in the whole of SKYHY. Two people were serving and 5 waiters were busy watching IPL. This was my first visit and for sure the last visit. I would not even give 1 start but had no other options!!!’
Pathetic. Unprofessional staff. Bouncers will make you wait for 15-20 mins at the entrance even if you have made an advance booking for office party. Moreover, they ask to call any member from your group who is already in to verify whether booking is done or not, party is going on or not. If it was my personal party I would have immediately cancelled the booking and have gone somewhere else.
They don't have any options.. they have an elaborate menu but have very few options available. Waste of going there... Service was not good too.... Cocktails were costly but they don't taste good at all...
Pitchers and towers are not available.but they are present in the menu.we have ordered chicken wings.they are not hot and even chicken is smelling foul and is not fresh.highly dissapointed.dont know what management is doing
Worst place went soo far, don't believe in pictures, quality of food is worst, dj was very very very bad. Disgusting place. Seen in zomato impressed with pictures but came to a worst place
They did not allow entry at 11:07pm today, just saying that they allow till 11pm why then it's mentioned that we can enjoy till 1 am ????????? That too on saturday ???
Whoever is a stag remember that you won't be allowed in 5th floor even though you have booked through zomatoand they recommend you to 4th floor masti sports bar.bad experience.i won't recommend this place to anyone.Stay away
Just because a bunch of corporate guys request for retro songs, you shouldn't ignore the rest of the crowd. Please consider it serious! Food is ok.
Me and my friends were at this pace for Saturday club night. Dance floor is spacious .Ambience is good .Overall my experience was good though there was delay in our order
Very bad place to hang on, the staff is very arrogant and short tempered. They don't allow entry to stags on the dance floor also and despite of so high prices haven't given any discount even not corporate discount too.
Don’t ever go to this place, waste of money, if you give order the order will come after 45 mins. Behaviour of the staff is horrible, the partner/owner even don’t know about how to behave to customer.
Very bad management. They are a cheat. Firstly they denied me the 20% flat discount coupon which i had taken from dine out. Over charged our liquor. Never going back there ever again.
A very bad experience. I went here with my team, but the staff made sure that we had the worst experience. The food was cold, served very late. Drinks were of bad quality. Staff behavior was also very bad.
Everything since I entered the restaurant was a disaster. I received cold food after 45 minutes after I placed the order, that too after multiple complaints. The drinks quality was not good. It happened twice that the staff forgot the order after we placed it. They had to be reminded about the order. Overall very bad experience regarding food quality, drinks quality and service. Would not recommend to visit.
This isn't a good place for food as there are no good options. Also, the staff doesn't feel like working when the customers are around. They need to improve.
Very poor service I went in day time and took 40 min to serve nachos. Food taste very poor. I could rate this place -ve. They have speciality to server hot beer. There staff is not entertaining.
Hi . Though I love the place . The service offered was pathetic to say the least.. the restaurant didn't offer the Gold privilege saying they don't offer it on weekends . Later during exit when I checked with the manager, he said there is no such thing .. but we were already billed til then . Our serving staff also asked us to pay via Google pay without bill. So please beware of these things when you are you are at the restaurant.
Pathetic and rude staff. Slowest service. They had tables free at terrace and at lower floor but still they say that its full. So that there upper floor gets full first which is not good. Will never visit again.
We visited the place on Thursday night after calling up to do the booking for 3 stag entry. We got the response over the phone that we can just walk in at 7pm. As soon as I entered the first response from a person (Nikhil) at the front desk was "Stag not allowed". When I showed my phone and explained that I did call to do the booking, he said no. I was allowed after they realized that one of my other friends was already inside the pub and taken the table. It was so frustrating that treating someone so unprofessional and with a rude behavior. If you don't want to allow stag ...say it straight forward or put a notice outside so that no stag would even wish to enter. Don't change your rules according to your convenience. GROW UP !!!!!
I've been coming to this branch on a weekly basis. Off lately, like from 4 weeks or so, whenever I ask for the beer of my choice(KF Ultra or KF Draught), you guys just bluntly tell me that it's not available. Once, I've asked Karan directly and he told me that they'd be available only during the weekdays. I've visited this place today i.e. Wednesday and it's the same story, again! I'm forced to order Heineken or Bira. The worst part was when I was about to push off after our hangout, I've seen almost everyone inside drinking towers of Draught beer and when I've asked, they just ignored and didn't even care to respond. Like really? Speaking on everyone's behalf, it could be a budget constraint or someone's personal preference of beer, but not providing equal service to every customer is unprofessional and I'm really disappointed this time. Well, what can I say, Mustang is much better-They offer everything in the menu. I never expected that I'd drop such a review for one of the most happening pubs in HYD, but I really can't help it this time. Work this out asap.
Staff behavior are very bad. Our bill was 636, they took 836. When we reached home, we got to know. No one was picking the call . Dj was veryyyy bad. I wanted to give zero star
I visited this place 2 days back with my frens hoping to have good time.. even though ambience and music was decent... the service is EXTREMELY POOR... Waiters are rude and behave as if they are doing some favor to u... manager was also not helpful... Its high high time they improve their services if they want their customers to come back to them...
Hi.. Really disappointed with the service and staff was rude and not attentive at all.. Seemed like all waiters were already high and had no clue wats going arnd them... Manager was also not very helpful.. But cant blame him with the dumb team.. u cant do much... Ambience is decent but the service is really really poor...
Stag entry not allowed on a Thursday night. Extremely disappointed. It was a birthday of a friend and a group of 9. We said that we will confine ourselves to a secluded corner but were denied.
They have different menu than mentioned in Zomato. They say menu is different on weekends and weekdays. Else place is ok to visit once. They ask for identity proof for entry.
Very bad behaviour of the staff, no one took the order for 45 minutes, when we asked the staff they were pointing at each other saying he will take order. When we called the manager he was unnecessarily defending the staff saying they thought that table is for 4 other people must be joining. Sheer waste of time.
I could rate below one..where I didn't satisfy on billing part..I didn't know how they are collecting customer money , for me it's very disheartening on bill amount they are taking 7% optional service charges..my bill amount was around 2k means 126..they are removed when I was asked to them..it's not fair ..it's another type of integrity in business .
I went to the restaurant on friday night and have booked the table in the morning itself. But manager denied and said i am giving you a favour for the table. We had drinks but food was pathetic and one dish was replaced when the bill was paid and we have to leave it. Coming to the bill, these guys have started charging some service charge (which is illegal) which will be forced on customers and they expect the customers to pay service charge in cash .I am reporting this to local authorities as they have started booking other restaurants for these illegal things.
Worst food order Chilly corn and they gave us Pakoda. Bad quality food ever better they suppose need to change the name to Worst food we provide and
First they had some kind of rule like below 21yrs old( I really respect that check) so he asked for IDs at the entrance we dint carry that but we had our soft copies so we showed that.However one among 6of us wasn't having the soft copy we tried ensuring that our friend was 30yrs old but he dint believe and after lot many arguments finally we were allowed to enter.... People are aware where below 21 can go or not so too much nagging is not acceptable...Then comes the service which was pathetically very slow and we were not even given plates to eat we were eating from the serveware itself...There were so many waiters to serve but no one actually paid attention or were not interested I think to attend people,there are many small pubs where only handful waiters are present and yet the orders are attended pretty fast.... Next food was okayish...the only good thing was the ambience....the washroom was totally unhygienic and looked like haven't been cleaned up since long...won't recommend anyone to visit and I personally wouldn't visit the place again
Worst place to hang out. Pathetic customer service. The place is money minded and the waiters there dont care for customers at all. Not a good place to hang out.
Worst customer service ever. I hope this place closes for good. They only destroy any good day you think to visit there. I hope this review saves someone.
Worst behavior of the staff here. They don't even know how to talk to customers. I have been here to have some fun and enjoy my evening but had a bad experience
The people here are not at all polite. I will never be here again. I don't suggest this place at all. Had a worst experience today. Waste of time.
Wish to witness the worst customer service? Please do visit this place. You'll be amazed to see that such a famous bar could have such pathetic people. There is this manager who has no idea how to speak to people. If I had the option to give it a negative rating I would!! Not recommended.
The place was good and the ambience felt nice until a few friends and I went out for a smoke and wanted to sit at the lounge just for a smoke, whole the so called "supervisor" came along and asked us to leave because the seats were reserved, we were ready to leave but we asked what the issue was and instead of talking politely he just started being rude and asked us to leave the place. When we said we wanted to speak to his supervisor he said he was the owner of the place! The people who work here have no concept of good customer service or politeness.
One of the most pathetic places when it comes to customer service, bad food , and the attitude of the employees are absolutely annoying especially the owner. He would make you feel as if you he is is doing a favor , you won't want to give them your money
The Owner is absolutly pathetic and has no idea about customer service. Pathetic food and bad customer service make the whole place nothing but a horrible place..
Definitely will not go again. Had gone with my friends for lunch and the waiters were shabby and drunk at service. We couldn’t wait to get out of the place.
On my visit at a pleasant evening to the restaurant I ordered Cosmopolitan drink. While my friends beer came right away, they took almost an hour to get my drink. After that day, I got some infection in my throat which I ignored for few days and it got worse. The doctor at Apollo told me that it’s a severe bacterial infection and I had to take antibiotic injection twice along with other medication followed by various tests. Although everything about the restaurant was nice but not sure what went wrong with that drink in particular which ended me in a hospital!
Horrible service, food is below average. Staff is extremely rude including the manager. Ambience is the only good thing. If i had an option i would have given a negative star rating. This place just spoilt my Friday night mood.
It's one of the worst places to be in during the week. The Manager is extremely unfriendly and rude. The music sucks and the food and service is worth abhorrence..
This is worst place in gachibowli, let me tell you wat happened as soon as we came in bar worker suggested to sit near corner its was kind washroom near. When whole bar was empty on Friday night, as I gave full mouth full to bar workers as insulted guests by asking them sit in corner as if we are cheap. I gave him wat he deserves. I sincerely suggest ppl not to go.
Very bad... Management is worst than whatever I visited till now. Since I was giving 1 start he started scolding me and threatening me. I am totally disappointed.
The place refused to replace quarter plate. The service is pathetic. Food is on table but no spoons or forks. The manager has one answer they are playing by rule book
Overpriced menu. If you find the food appetizing here, you must really have a bad taste. The Thai chicken curry I ordered is just an another name for South Indian chicken curry.
Worst maintenance(PFA) and pathetic service. They literally throw food in your plate. Everyone was so busy. They took 15min to print a bill 😂😂.
Today had a team lunch at 3B's and it was a horrible experience. None of the team members were satisfied. The food did not taste good and the service was also late. Felt it was not worth for the money spend.
I never received this order 21812387 today. No one contacted me. I asked Zomato chat rep to have someone contact me regarding this issue. Please call me after 3 PM IST.  I have registered my compliant on twitter handle, how can you mentioned without verifying with me that it was delivered ? No follow up done from Behrouz. Very disappointing. Please refund my amount. See the rider is still on the way (pic)
Absolutely not the taste we indians love. We would want food to be spicy and recipes at Behrouz and co. aren't the way we expect. Not the best choice
I was promised to get a refund for an order that has not been delivered. They first told me that i would get my money in 24 hours, then changed it to 24 working hours, now they are not answering the phone. Bloody cheaters.
Ordered for Zakheedar Paneer and got chicken biriyani with the label of veg. This is not acceptable at all. This is not the first time this is happening with Behrouz
Worst biryani. Shahghouse biryani is 100 times better than this biryani. Very Very less quantity. Price is very high.Worst biryani. Shahghouse biryani is 100 times better than this biryani. Very Very less quantity. Price is very high.Worst biryani. Shahghouse biryani is 100 times better than this biryani. Very Very less quantity. Price is very high.
Bad service I have not received the order but I got a mail that you have enjoyed the meal. Irritating service from zomato . Not support team and pick up delivery boy called for delivery
Very less quantity and the food was packed in cartoon book very unhappy
Please deliver in time when you take an order. Your service sucks. And so does your delivery algorithm!! How can you show 0 minutes for 15 minutes near the delivery location
I usually order from here. today biryani was 50% in quantity.
i did not get my order and i have paid for it already . There is no customer number of Zomato as well. I need my money back asap. Zomato guys should have a customer care number or any way to track order there is no support present. i need my money or food asap.
Horrible experience..I would not rate them at all but since I could not save it without a star, I'm just giving it a star. They had accepted my order and in about 40 minutes when I was expecting my order to arrive, called them, to my surprise they have just said that they could not deliver my item since they have other pending orders..be professional or at least have some courtesy!!
Late delivery. Cold food.
Highly disappointed there is a sea of change in the quality of biryani we ordered last and now its awfully spicy and too wet like eating rice and curry
This is a good joint that doesn't care for customer. They accept order and don't care to deliver and they don't pick the call neither they respect customers.
not received any order from your restaurant
Worst place for vegetarians. They serve chicken pieces in veg paneer biryani and mark their box with green labels. Irresponsible team hiered spoillers.
I am very very biryani lover and I tried the Behrouz biryani and it was worst. Taste is too bad 👎. Packing is too good but taste is too bad
They have not delivered the order and the number they mentioned to call is not reachable. We waited nearly 2hrs neither order received or zomato sup port cant do anything about the delivery. Finally we have not received the order. But mail has come to provide the review. Be careful while ordering from this restaurant.
Worst Biryani I ever had... Kickout these blady Biryani from hyderabad..... Spoiled the taste and stinking smell from the rice.. Lokks like they served last night Biryani.. I have throwed Biryani on
I ordered chicken Biryani. It's awful. Its not fresh. It's stored. I had stomach ache after eating it. I also got a gulab jamun and that's very bad too. All the taste is lost. On top of all this the price touches the roof.
I dont like this biryani. Worst biryani. Not having taste. Its doesnt mean that biryani taste is good if they are adding almonds in biryani. It should in good taste from inside. On top of this biryani price is too much.
Waste food
i ordered my food and confirmed with restaurant. after 40 mints wait he didnt delivered. then i call them again and they said they are not delivering to my area. what the hell is this if order is done then why they are not delivering to my area. Then i had to go to restaurant to take my food that time. Really disappointed with this restaurant.
One of the worst biryani's I ever had by paying a price of 300+ (just one plate). They claim they are authentic (may be at their house), but won't come near to real hyd biryani. Please don't waste your money by giving it a try.
poor service, lake of responsibility, very very worst
Very poor servicing. No communication from the restraunt even after 90 minutes of ordering the food. Very disappointed. This is how they treat their customers
@delivery, poor customer support. Both me and zomato were unable to contact restaurant. Restaurant didn't update status in app as well. After 3 hours a guy called me that he is out to deliver the food. Which is hours after I requested zomato customer care
I have ordered dum ghost biryani ,the biryani is bad,cold and the rice is dry as it is left rice to air...I felt regretted after ordering this..there is nothing good tell aboutthis... I felt waste of money after ordering this..
not received my order fuck off
Dont order anything extra coz they wont deliver
waste taste
The Maggie masala is put alot in the Maggie, could you please make good Maggie rather than making it very spicy ? The masala makes it too spicy and tastes raw. Please improve on the taste. Thank you for the speedy delivery.
I ordered a shawarma and I received a rotten shawarma. I don't understand why people do this. It's food. Not any product. If you want to increase the price. Do it. But how can you serve this type of food to anyone. This is completely rotten and even smells very bad. Would never order from you again.
I used to really love this place and food!! The problem is with how the zomato deliveryman assigned to deliver my food, didn't deliver my food. My order was paid online and he took my order for himself. He turned off his phone and didn't answer!. Even zomato didn't update me about the follow-up. I never got my food.Just the money was refunded, that's all! But is this what you get when you really need to eat and wait like hell,but get nothing!!This is really frustrating!! I don't know why zomato is ruining it's own reputation!.
I have ordered Double Egg and Double Chicken Maggie. I think this is a single egg with chicken less Meggie.I didn't feel the teast of chicken.Very less egg and chicken quantity they packed.
maggy was disaster
gave cheese instead of chicken
Not good and fresh. I was thinking to have happy meal but disappointed now. Hope to have tasty Maggi. Maggi is sticky and fried Maggi is also not good.
Ordered through Zomato for two dishes maggi's with chicken. There was hardly any chicken at all. Wonder how it's double chicken. Moreover, quality wasn't good either.
As this Maggi point located at a demanding place, they least bothered about the food ordered online and send us the poor quality food . Better not to order online and do if you wanna waste your money.
waste they prepared food before Maggi was noo taste waste of money I ordered double egg chicken Maggi but I think they put half egg only too worst
chicken Maggie doesn't have any chicken...it is like veg Maggie...without masala
waste fellow
Ordered veg cheese Maggi. Could never expect a simple dish as Maggi to be bland, over-cooked and tasteless. Better to cook at home than order.
I didnt say to include cheese but they did here. .I didnt liked it .
A very bad experience ever. The delivery guy kept me waiting for more than an hour and yet no response came from the guy or from the chat support. Dnt ever go for this if u r starving. Not even a 1 star actually.
I got top ramen instead maggie ... I ordered double egg double chicken fried maggie and i got top ramen and that to not at all fried. A big DISAPPOINTMENT..
taste was too bad... it was Maggie or curry I really doubt... it was a waste of money..
Food was not hot
the worst ever
The delivery is fast.I think they didnt prepared it freshly...the corn fried maggi is already made and it was dry.It was very very spicy.I could not able to eat it fully.I threw it in the dustbin.doesnt want to give any star at all.the worst zomato order ever.😤😡😡
Food worst taste and please dont order from here as well as from zomato. I orderd double egg and double chicken maggie, but they kept half egg and the taste is worst worst worst
I had the worst experience with the food and the service.Food is not great and the service took so long.The place is not totally air-conditioned and the staff is a bit rude to customers.
We booked for 40 people for an office party and it was a complete chaos. Some south indian festival was going on in the restaurant, so the expectations were little high but a complete let down. Firstly, they had not planned properly to manage 40 plus people. Some people who arrived first got the privilege of getting welcome drink and I arrived 10 mins late, and simply didn't get it. For starters also, some privileged ones got served with only few of the varieties as per the menu. Our of frustration, people started with main course and in between starters were being served. What a big mess it was. The complete team of 40 was disappointed.
They took the reservation before 4 days for buffet. But when we reached there, they are saying there is no reservation on that name and we have no buffet today. They wasted our time and response is not at all proper.
Worst service provided!!!! The ambience felt like a zombie area. The team over there was very confused for nothing.From the time they started taking the order til the time of the bill the waiters were so unpleasant,so unhappy,so irritating(especially a lady there) OMG that lady started giving rude replies when we asked for service . The manager there was " Lost "too. Food wasn't that great, it's not worth that price. Overall experience was horrible😑#Totally unhappy# Never recommend anyone who opts for a good lunch or dinner
Service was horrible. Waiters dint even feel like taking the order....(the resturant was not busy also for giving that as an excuse) Resturant has very poor service
I have been to this place for my team lunch on 22nd Feb. We opted for buffet. Just to serve the soup they took 20 mins and starters for another 15 mins. Apparently they didn’t serve the soup to all my team members and when we tried talking to the manager he was not available neither the servers. They hardly have any options available for veg or non-veg. Food taste is not great and whole service is pathetic. What we thought will be a memorable time resulted in frustration for choosing this place. Not going again neither recommend.
Toooooo spicy food upset my stomach also some chicken is uncooked I am sorry to say this but we suffered so I am being honest here there is no intention to harm
i visited this place last friday with my friends and we had ala carte. I don’t want to give any rating the service was very poor and slow there main focus was people having buffet. After waiting for 25 mins and lot of reminders we got our food. When the bill came they have added additional items which we didn’t had cost around 600 to the bill and my friends bad she didn’t checked the bill that time. So after this horrible experience i will suggest not to visit and id you are visting and having ala carte please cross check the bill before paying otherwise you can be the next victims of this thugs restaurant.
The worst experience that I had along with friends. The starters are good but the main course is completely tasteless. Even after informing the management about the taste, they were asking if salt or spice is more, but not about the overall quality & taste about the food. Very much disappointed that I took my friends for a treat here.
Worst biryani and worst serving experience ... Except 3 starters remaining items are very bad... Totally worth less food and time waste .. disappointed
Non veg is worst. Ambience and service is also worst. Taste is bland. You can easily avoid this restaurant. They take so much time to serve food and even they are not polite
We went for dinner based on this 4.0 rating it did not meet bare minimum criteria. Food was over spicey/hot even after mentioning the spice levels in first course. Service was very bad. They asked how the soup/paya was and when we mentioned that it is too spicey , that was not bothered and next course was even more spicey/hot. I generally am ok with hot/spicey food but this is very extreme. I would not recommend going to this place.
I personally a lazy person who don’t give a regular review but my taste buds made me to write this review. The only thing that worth was ambience.
Yesterday bought Rogan josh from here one of the worst rogan josh curry ever. I do not recommend this restaurant. I have tried biryani from here it was ok. Big name bad service.
Attitude problem right from reception/accounts person whoever he is.Burnt food given twice nobdy cares.Take bills shamelessly not even asking why food left as it is without being eaten.
I’ve been to this restaurant today and had a real bad experience and was really embarrassed as I suggested this restaurant for dinner with family and friends. We had to wait for almost an hour for the placed ordered to be served. At the end, we were not billed for the items we placed order for and the bill was for extra items. It took around 15 mins for the corrected bill with two times to and fro.
There is a lot of difference between the nizampet and this (Gachibowli) branch.. Too late at serving.. Quality is too poor.. Staff doesn't respond quickly
Worst service. Strictly nor recommended for family and decent people. Taste is below average. BIG NO for this place.. Stay away. Worst service ever
Worst Experience in Parcel of Zaffron Motton Regular Biryani no mutton piecec found i. Biryani bill is 158/- with Gst ... Fooling public in parcel.. dont take pacel frm pista house ... Very Bad experience Simply Looting Public money on parcels of biryani......
Worst service....i dont know y they have such a stupid attitude towards customers..they r not ready to accept the mistakes they do.food taste is also below average....not again to gachibowli pistha house...
one of the best worst place...biryani is too worst...but their strtegy is too good...they dont have AC but if we sit and eat the price is double..irresponsible serice...better to go to almas r biryanis...good bye..will never visit again
Shitty place... Shitty service... Shitty management... Not again... Not always brand will work.. Think twice before u check in.. Wrost place in recent times.
Waste food.. Ordered zafrani biryani. Its very cool think before night food.. No AC and the prices are too high for tat quality..no proper service. overall worst exprnc. Think its duplicate pista house restrnt.. They r making bad remark on brand..
Biryani is worst....No A/C...But the prices are the same like a big restaurant...No proper service..owner is irresponsible..They make customers fools with their behavior..most of the ratings might be created ratings as I have seen 80 percent dissatisfaction from the customers..will never visit it again in my life.Their was no ZERO rating so giving 1 rating..My friends and colleagues told me similar response but I wanted to try as it is a big brand.. finally paid for not listening to them.
The service is hopeless. They won't even serve water for the costumers unless you ask them. And the manager is also helpless and rude if the costumers complaint. First and last visit to this restaurant !
absolutely worthless service. extremely bad attitude from the staff and even the manager is very poor and rude in his approach towards the customers... last visit to the place
Very bad service and not that great food. No proper behavior from the staff members. Very poor service. Even the taste of the food was really bad. Nothing great.
Visited this place on ramadan and we ordered 6 haleem we where 4 all we thought that we can enjoy the real taste of haleem and the bitter truth was the taste was long gone with the moving season .. seriously there is something wrong with this branch too many uncooked bones and intestines . All I can just say is ONE BAD TASTE IS ENOUGH to make all the good once bad ..
It such a worst experience will never come back again. The chicken didn't cook properly and even they didn't replace and charged price for that
Starters were served cold...all they did was reheat..spoons were dusty and not clean..we had buffet and some of the items were missing overall food taste rating 1/5 ..ambience 3/5
Nothing good. Tried buffet. You need to get your plates for starters. Water will be provided only if you ask. Starters are not at all good, especially fish. We didn't seen any difference in look between fish and baby corn. Main course is limited and are not available readily for us. We need to wait for 10min to get curries. Roti are pathetic, not fresh. Even desserts are bad. Only good thing is icecream which is served in single cup
Today I have ordered Cashew Polau from Zomato, I have received the parcel box unpacked and seems some part of food item from one side has taken out of box. I have reported to Zomato as well, but from next time onwards I will make sure not to order from this restaurent.
Customers won't really care about your ambience or service if your food quality is below par. I ordered Chicken dum biryani from here, relying on their ratings but the very first experience itself was really bad. The chicken tasted horrible and was stale. I had to throw away the biryani. You guys should check the food before delivering it to the customers as delivery of this kind of food does not only affect the ratings but also can cause serious health issues. I value food which is worth the money spent and I feel betrayed here. I contacted zomato regarding the issue and they just assured me that this won't happen again and conveyed that they have shared feedback with the restaurant. They should have issued a proper refund here. I did not expect this kind of service and I really don't look forward to trying anything from this place in future.
Ordered chicken biryani from here. I was totally disappointed with the food. The biryani was stale and the chicken pieces tasted really bad. Never ordering again.
Food quality has detoriated over past couple of months. Have been a regular customer of marsala via zomato. I guess marsala is having too much of business via zomato, for which it has stop caring about food quality for its online customers.
The best place where you will get worst tangdi kabab. Same is informed to staff rather taking action they try to convince us to eat.........
Worst experience ever, Mandi lovers please avoid visiting this place to avoid huge disappointment, post office hours visited the place to have Mandi, Ambience was below average, there were no customers in the restaurant, we ordered 3 Mandis, which has arrived after 30 minutes and the rice was cold and not tasty at all, the meat served was so tough, waste of money, not at all worth, please donot visit this place by seeing 4.2 stars in Zomato profile, we will never go back to this place again. Would have given zero stars if i had a option, over all this place is just waste of your time and money.
Ordered mutton Biryani after reading good reviews. And the result is bad. Rice itself was so bland. Mutton pieces looks melting but the aroma and taste of the pieces also bad. So bad that i could not even finish any single piece completely. On the whole, if you are here for mutton Biryani, i recommend not to take. Fyi, I'm Hyderabadi Biryani lover.
 1 rating is too much for it !!!"
food is not good. we ordered mandi it is worst and mutton is not cooked well. we left the food. and ordered basil chicken it is also cold and not good.. overall a horrible experience going there.
Food was cold and hospitality was bad. Had to wait for soo long to get food. Prefer going to other restaurants than this. Had bad experience.
We went there around 8.30 for having a fun night. But the place turned out to be a cheap place where people are allowed to smoke everywhere. We cant even breathe properly.Then we order vodka..it was like water and when we questioned them he smiled and kind of agreed.Then we ordered Long island Tea and asked him to make it a good one but it was even worse. Even their virgin mohito was not gud.Then the food was also okish.Staff were also not courteous.I find the place was overcrowded. It seemed they have allowed stag entries and they were passing cheap comment on us.I will never recommend anyone here.
Ambience sucks... Worst service.... They don't book tables and when I asked a waiter for a table for 4, he just ignores and stares away... When we managed to make a waiter arrange a table for us, he just keeps a table in the middle of the way and asks us to stand throughout our course for the evening... Well we finally made to a normal table by waiting for others to vacate.... I highly recommend not to go to this place.... Just sitting outside the building and talking to my friends was lot better than ruining our evening by going to this shitty place...
Manager was so cheap n attitude showing ego to the guest ..we visited thrice this time .. management pliz take serious action to the manager or else he vil let the business down..
The manager named Siddarth was treating us very badly. We went with a few girls. The other guys around were teasing our friends. When we asked him he said he can't do anything. He does not have minimum courtesy to talk politely with the customers. The staff lack basic professionalism. One of my worst experiences.
I went to club rouge since the day it started,I have been to this place more than 150 times.It was like a hangout place for us to always go.It was beautiful in the starting,less crowd and only couples were allowed to dance floors and people dint stand on tables and all that time to dance.Bouncers were pretty good at that time and the manager at that time was also very nice and polite.In the past few months since the manager changed,his name is siddharth the club rougue we knew was no more there.This angry little manager is the worst human u could ecer talk to.Single girls beware to go to this place.They allow cheap bastards into the club who doesn't drink and doesn't even have a table,they keep roaming all around the club to find girls and talk with them or make em uncomfy by staring at them and not moving from there table.I even saw a guy putting a tablet into some girls drink.Coming to my incident,Yesterday i went to this place to watch afternoon ipl match which was at 4.We went there at 5 and it was happy hours,which we don know or never cared about happy hours in clubs.We started watching match and at 6 a waiter comes saying pls pay bill since happy hours is ended.We said okay and we paid.Now the waiter says please leave, we were like wtf we came to watch the match and we will leave only after it's done.Then he calls the manager.His name is SIDDHARTH.This guy is one horrible crap who thinks since he is the manager of the club he's an avenger superhero.He came to us and said which a very tone u people have to leave,I told that's not happening we are hyderabadi's and it's srh match and we will leave only when it's done and he started shouting and telling no with so much attitude.Later he said 30mins and left.He wasn't coming when I was calling him also.He comes after 30mins and says go,When we told we will not leave until the match is done he told he will call bouncers and make us leave,We were so frustrated and angry we told call them and let them decide who's wrong here.Then he told that club rougue owner(MD) is NARSINGH RAO and he is a big local goon and he threatened us that once u leave this place some unknown people will come and hit and break our bones if we say anything to SIDDHARTH (the manager).People go to clubbing to have fun and in the end all we got was a life threat.And moreover this place became a sick place,it stinks and waiters will force u to give more tip saying 2 ppl served u and all.And the cheap guy stags who come inside with influence and think they are hottest models 😂.Sorry for the long review but i think they deserve it.The manager SIDDHARTH.SIDDHARTH.SIDDHARTH Thanks for making me realize that i should never come back to club rougue and make bills around 20k each time I visit the club.And thanks for making me realize that I should not suggest this place to anyone.His name is SIDDHARTH and the he is HERO of club rougue.
Bad reception and unprofessional staff,do not visit this place they are unfriendly they just loot your money and the prices are also very High
the manager was unprofessional and asked us to leave abruptly. And called bouncers upon us coz We justed wanted to see the match. The reception is bad. No ethics at all
The manager was unprofessional and asked us to leave abruptly and called bouncers upon us. The ethics, courtesy and reception were very bad.
Went to this place to watch ipl match which was at 4pm and once happy hours ended they told us to leave.There were more 10 overs left and they told us to leave.Then manager came and he shouted at us and he din tell his name also.We told we will leave after match he called 6 bouncers to send us out.He was shouting as hell and abused us.I have been to many clubs but this kind of attitude that too in a cheap place like club rougue is lame af.Please ignore this club if u wanna have a good time
Me and boys went to watch match here, we are regular customers here. But manager asked us to leave abruptly in between the match. He called bouncers upon us which was totally unnecessary. Can't have a good time here. Won't recommend this place.
Staff was very rude. Confused the order and asked our group to leave. Worst service staff I've seen so far in Hyderabad. STRICTLY DO NOT RECOMMEND.
The DJ that came on around 11 PM yesterday night (some lady) was a terrific disimprovement over the guy who was playing right before she. Killed the buzz for us entirely (and for many others, too, visibly). Liked the ambience, though. Would want to visit again iff the same DJ never presents themselves again.
So unprofessional place being a girl I felt the staff was inappropriate on behaviour and I love the Dj anyways over there but the staff is making the place worst so freaking rude
They serve you wine in plastic glasses. Staff is very rude and unprofessional and they literally force you to pay exorbitant tips at the end. Was a loyal customer earlier, never coming back here ever again. Try 10D or the lal street instead (in the same building).
 will never visit ever."
Worst place in Hyderabad. Staff has no etiquette’s to talk to customers. No idea about what is available and what is not in their drinks menu. Takes more than 30 minutes to get your order. Horrible experience
Very unprofessional and rude staffs. If you order 2 beers, they will insist for a bucket and if you do not order a bucket, they will take half an hour to bring your order. The place is overcrowded during weekends and there is no proper crowd management of any sort. Then the waiters say that because it is overcrowded, orders can't be processed properly. Despite all that inconvenience and bad service, they force you for paying the tip and even argue over how much you want to pay. Crowd is very indecent and sometimes vulgar and there is no provision for crowd control given that the place is overcrowded. Music and DJ is good with cheap food and drinks, which is a crowd puller. One can have a really nice time if you can bear all these and if crowd is what attracts you.
The worst place in the city, I was here for a few drinks with my friends and it was during the happy hours (which is till 6pm) and they were so adamant in taking our order at 5.50 stating happy hours were closed, we had to literally tell them that we were still in happy hours to ask for that price, surprisingly they didn't like it and the drinks were diluted. What surprised me the most was that they were serving everything in plastic glasses? Like seriously? Serve drinks in a plastic glass? When speaking to the waiter he said - go to 10D they serve drinks in glasses and not plastic, it was so rude for him to say that. I asked him to call his manager and told him the story to which he says his boss asked to serve in plastic glasses and kept explaining that it was his boss's order, he was just not able to understand what I was explaining to him - I bigger issue was about the way the waiter had spoken to me and when even after sometime I realised he was not interested in what I was saying, I was furious and used F word to which he said you can use F word but we are also very dangerous people? Like what dangerous? He was absolutely okay with me writing this review as they felt they didn't have any obligation towards customer service. It was not something they were giving me for free and to compensate he was willing to give me discount and also call the waiter to apologies to me - I didn't need someone's apology - what matters the most is their service and looks like it does not appear anywhere on their list of how to sustain in the business. Disappointed!
The place is not soo good. Staff is very arogant and doesnt care abt custor service. Initially they served drinks in plastic glasses and doesnt even have normal glasses to serve drinks. Manager is using abusive language when requested for normal glasses..
It’s true that ambiance is good, but the staff has failed to direct me to the restaurant. Though I requested to book a poolside table they didn’t reserve, only the buffet people will have access to it, it seems. Food was good. But the staff was not professional enough.
I had great respect for marriott hotel but i lost everythig when i went their in my special day valentines day! It was the most horrible experience !! The service is very bad and they were harsh with the customers ! I dint expect this from marriott hotel i dint think i will ever goto marriott again!!!
Ordered food online. Horrible food. Full of spices and oil even after giving specific instructions not to make it spicy. Rotis were raw. Won’t recommend to anyone.
The restaurant did not feel hygienic at all. There were house flies all over. The tables were wiped but felt really old and unclean. Couldn't order or taste anything to write a neat review for the so said reasons.
Green Bawarchi restaurant actually many times visit only for launch. Date 23-03-19 tomorrow same time visit. Speacilly my favorite dishes chicken biriyani & mutton biriyani. I order one hundi mutton biriyani. But I am very discpointed for this biriyani rice not good. And mutton raw. After few minutes order mutton curry & zera rice. Same discpointed. For food not good. And taste bellow poor
Chicken not cooked properly. Rice does not taste good, no spice at all. Food was not hot even though it was delivered within 30 minutes time. Not recommended at all
I visited with my friends for dinner . It was a fake experience. Becos the sttaf behavior was like unprofession n rude .they don't know how to speak with the customer. No sense no manners nothing.
Very pathetic. Found two insects in the biryani. How one can eat such an unhealthy food. This is really unfortunate but they should also care about these things. I will not ever try again.
not good
I ordered for a egg biryani this is what I found on that .if I want to have a egg biryani I could have ordered the same...not expected from this restaurant...
Quantity is very less, from the last two months i have given 3 big orders at that time both quality and quantity is good based on that i have order today again, but now it is disappointed. I am not going to order again
Biryani was good taste but the Motton PCs were less mostly bone. May be next time get better..chicken tandoori was excellent and can order again
I ordered fish biryani. But the restaurant delivered me prawns biryani. And biryani taste is not good. Better choose other restaurants than this.
Not bad
Paneer tikka masala was all gravy with just 4 pieces of paneer.
Taste less food,not well perpred & egg shell had mixed in food so please check once while preparing and quality is also not nice ,this is the reason
very late
worst I ever had .
Worse. They deliver wrong items and less quantity for orders. No one from restaurant responded to call. Zomato also tried to reach but still no response
Worst food
bad
worst food actually I ordered chicken chilly gravy but he sent chicken manchuria and people don't prefer this restaurant.
DONT EVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACE. THEY SERVE TASTELESS RAW CHICKEN WITH NO REMORSE AND NO REACTION. WORST RESTAURANT OF GACHIBOWLI!! NO ACTION
DISGUSTING!! DONT EVER ORDER FROM THIS RESTAURANT EVER AGAIN. THEY SERVED RAW CHICKEN. I ORDERED FULL GRILL CHICKEN AND COULDN'T EVEN EAT ONE BITE. THE WHOLE CHICKEN WAS RAW!! THEY SHOULD BE SUED IN CONSUMER FORUM!!
not good. chicken pieces are fully roasted. Disappointed. Not a good taste.
damn too much oil, I can make another curry out of it, that much
The last time i went to this restaurent the food was not so good as it was very salty and service was also very slow. I called the waiter to change my dish as it was very salty he did’t change it he just modified it and gave it back. Then i called him again for the same reason then he finally got it replaced and gave me the new dish that was also pathetic. #Nevervisit
I ordered butter chicken but got paneer
food delivered was of very bad quality
food was bad..and very less in quantity
worst quality . i was never this much disappointed in my whole life. what kind of packing is that? next time try to give more quantity
The worst biryani and tandoori I ever had! Looked like some leftover is delivered to me and so expensive. Idiots!
worst food
The worst biryani i ever had in my life till date. I am sure kritunga biryani tastes good, hope this is zomato fault they have delivered me a local biryani instead kritunga, theres no kritunga cover when i got it, it was packed in a normal cover. The worst exp i had today
A complete and absolute disaster. The place where we sat was dirty. There were cracks on the walls. We ordered the food to be less spicy but I guess they cook how they want to cook. The AC was non-existent. It felt like we were sitting in a tandoor. The service was pretty slow.  If you bring food you bring the starters together and then you don't put a gap in between the starters and the main course. The taste was appalling, sub-par service, being in one of the prime locations. I have ordered a lot of times from Kritunga Madhapur and that one is very good. I think Kritunga Gachibowli has a long way to go before it becomes worth the money. Wish them the best
 The rice is giving a weird smell. As it is not cooked today. I have ordered Paya as well. I don't know if it is fat or oil but it's too spicy and oily. This is not the adept quality of Kritunga because I have been eating in this cuisine for more than three years. It's getting worse every year."
Yesterday I have ordered biryani where in I found insect in my biryani and I’m trying to call restaurant till know no response. And by mistakenly I post my review kritunga palegars restaurant, where in I should post in kritunga restaurant
Don't drink water in the given glass for more details please check attached images...:)Or ask for plastic glasses or take water bottle and drink with it only.
I’ve been to other kritunga’s many times since 6 years and never was disappointed. Ragi sankati one of the benchmark dishes served by kritunga was bad and I’m hesitating to use the word worst. Pulavs weren’t good either keema pulao was below average and veg pulao wasn’t properly cooked. After receiving the order and started eating waiter says they ran out of soft drinks which we ordered. If kritunga really consider reading these reviews I would like to quote a statement “ kritunga you’re just selling your brand but not good food anymore”
Ordered C. Biryani & M. Biryani on 23.12.18...Worst Biryani.. Just tasted and thrown into dust bin.... Dont go with this restaurant... I thought this is one of the branches of somajiguda's kritunga... But it is not... Dnt go to this..
Only masala is der in biryani tooooo much spicy am seeing dis from 3times I ordered but same like diz only they r giving wrost biryani 👎👎👎
The restaurant is not hygiene. All houseflies around. The staff especially the receptionist was rude when asked about the hygiene. Even if you order food, they don’t provide basic stuff like plastic spoon along with food. Totally disappointed with this restaurant.
Very bad service. People just roam around. Not even one gives a menu or takes order. Few don't know what's in menu. Tables aren't clean. Onion places got others finger prints with food.
Very less chicken piecec in chiken biryani... Very spice its like red mirchi rice.. No flavour of biryani... Worst biryani ever... Very much unsatisfied
It was supposed to be Nellore Fish Pulusu. What I got delivered tasted only like fish and warm water. No salt, no spices, no chillies. Just some pieces of fish and put into coloured warm water. Worst fish curry I had ever. 🤦🏻‍♂️
is that what Oder fry pieces biryani.... no one will speak that it's fry pieces biryani. it's a chicken curry with only onions
Pathetic. .. very small and loud, no proper starters and every other menu was not available. May be it was our wrong selection of restaurant. It's not a multicusine restaurant.
no chicken pieces in it
Not upto the mark
worst biriyani ever had. there was some small pieces of chicken curry (dry) placed over some rice. I don't know whether you have learnt atleast how biriyani looks like even after being in the city of biriyanis, that it is not just some pieces of chicken kept over a lump of basmati rice. pls grow up. (no 0* option)
very bad wrong order received
Full of oil
bad
afood is not as per recipe. so, you guys don't name it as per the area like "Nellore Fish Pulusu".... before naming it just find the traditional recipes...I am from nellore I know how tasty the food is....just for marketing purposes don't use the names for the dishes...
The food is decent but the place and service is extremely horrible. Went there for dinner with my family and we were bombarded with mosquitoes all around us, even though we were sitting indoors. Called the manager for this situation and was told that they can't do anything about it. Brilliant customer service!
Avoid this place in summer due to outside seating. They do not even have coolers in such weather outside and it is an expensive place. Not worth
Can improve your main course and desserts spread. I would have rated 3 but I am giving a 1 because one of your servers' behavior was bad in our office party. When my friend asked for a blue lagoon, he insulted him in front of everybody by saying that blue lagoon is for kids, not men... just because it's a soft drink. One need not believe in others' beliefs and customs, but at least respect them and not insult them. Train your staff appropriately.
Tasty food, nice ambience, courteous staff. But zomato gold offers are not honored half of the times, depending on their mood. Service could be faster.
 the service and food were not upto the mark. Very dissappointing indeed."
Place needs better staff. Food is good and lots of options. People who take orders are not the type for this level of formal restaurant. Food was above average. Won’t repeat it again
Food and service everything is good. But not able to avail zomato gold at the end of dining. Vishal, Srikanth manager and vishawanath waiter everybody befooled that we can use zomato gold at the end but then it gets closed.
The service is shit, the waiter asked us not avail Zomato gold at the beginning of the order but to avail at the bill time. But gold was not available but to compensate no discount was given ... disappointing experience
Why you have changed the menu guys. And the new menu is pathetic. I miss that old cottege cheese steak, enchiladas and lots of great items. Please revert it. I am rating 1 star for new menu, it's tasteless. Unecessary change. I was regular but now don't want to come after trying the new menu.
The amount of food and the price do not match. Far too less food delivered for the money charged. The quantity is not as per the expectation. Overall review, "Pricey".
Worst restaurant. They mentioned on Zomato gold but denied during order. They mentioned we earlier on Zomato gold we now not accept it.i felt cheated on Zomato gold if restaurant will deny such a way
Lol. I paid 345 bucks for what tasted like ready made pasta without any salt in it, along with a tiny, flaky piece of bread (that had neither butter nor garlic) wrapped in aluminium foil. I've seen more effort from places that charge 200 bucks for a dish. It was BAD. I counted three pieces of capsicum, total. Most half-assed pasta I've had in years. Super disappointed.
Allmost all items we ordered were tasteless. Plus service was average with guy taking orders appeared rude. He was behaving like he is owner and does not care if we come back again or not.
Multiple bad experiences now. Food was bad. Waiter was impolite.While leaving , my car today got stuck in parking. Frio manager was outside and pretended to not hear me honking.
I wish I could make you taste the Chicken Nuggets. No offense for the people who liked it. But, i never had such worst food in my entire life. The dip they gave with French fries was one of a kind.i personally would not suggest this place to anyone.
My pizza looks like they have pieced together the left overs! The cheese is hard and the slices look old. I'm so disappointed as I order quite frequently from Frio and this is the second time I am getting a pizza in this condition from them.
We ordered food for home delivery with one line instruction ; garlic bread to be prepared without spices, which was not fulfilled. This was ok, what wasn't was delivery of chicken. We ordered vegetarian cheese balls and we received chicken! Can we ever trust you again, Frio Bistro!
Very unprofessional staffs!! Don’t even know how to serve the food on request!! Whatever you will ask their 1st answer is “No”. They also do have communication issues. Very disappointing!!
Just be careful ordering here, they mix up vegetarian and non vegetarian food. It's a good chance that you get served a non vegetarian dish instead of veg version of the same. Staff is a bit clueless (lazy service). Overall ok place but runs well cause of location and big portion sizes. Nothing great or distinctive. This review is strictly based on lunch experience ; not sure if some magic is happening during dinner time.
cake was damaged
pastry was v bad condition..it coming v bad smell.
it was one of the worst food I had, burger buns were old and so hard, absolutely uneatable, the fried rice was uncooked, again uneatable..worst experience ever...sirf naam bada hai..food is pathetic...however zomato has been good..no prob with food
wrong order received... had ordered pizza... received olive mushroom boat
good
the cake was spoilt, and both the restaurant and Zomato are not ready to refund the amount
They did not kept name on cake
Too much cheese and also it smelled stale
No wafers sent with the burger
Received pizza which was not baked properly,raw from inside instead of pasta which i ordered initially. Didn’t like the pizza at all. Why did they accept the order if they were running short of stock.
Food had no spices and salt
Cake was stale
we had big expectation but the experience was horrible, we got burnt pizza. we need refund, we didn't even eat the pizza, is there a way to attach pictures in feedback. please send me the email address where I can share the pictures of pizzas.
Worst taste
Very bad service. I had to askfor a glass of water 5 times. One waiter passes the message to another and the other one doesn’t care!!!! Horrible service. I m never going back there.
Man! Who the hell are giving such high ratings to such useless cafes? Yesterday I went to one cafe seeing a 4+ zomato rating, and it was horrible. Today I went here and it even exceeded that other cafe today in terms of pure pathetic-ness of the cafe. The service is so rude, slow and pathetic that you wonder how bad would it be to make it self service. The food is bad and certainly not worth such high prices. And the guys are least bothered to tell you by the time that you ask for bill that one of the drinks you ordered isn't available; let alone bring drinks along with the food. I don't know how these inflated ratings in Hyderabad is working, but in my hometown, a place like this would hardly touch 2 stars rating on zomato.
I have ordered red velvet cake once. They asked to change the order as red velvet was not available. So, I asked the available list of cake and on that list I ordered chocolate cheesecake. After 50 min of waiting they again call me and told that cheesecake is not available. What kind of behavior is this. Never order from here
too much of salt n oil ....not even good quality of bread
Delivery boy said that he met with an accident. Food got spill out of packed box
Ordered pasta and taste was not at all good
the tea was just half cup!!!! for 55 rs half cup tea!! u r looting people here. will never order from here again. ginger tea doesn't taste like ginger its just sugarcane juice and that too when we asked for less sugar
Ordered for brownie which was completely dry and was not fresh at all. Choco banana Waffle was okay not so good. They send the food in big box which looks like will have good quantity. But will get a small piece and that is too tasteless
I ordered a green chicken rice bowl (large).it had less than 10gms of chicken forget about the box size ,shawarma would have had more quantity.I don't know what would I have got if I said small portion.Totally bad experience.
Just ordered special desi chicken shawarma from this place and was the worst shawarma i had lately, very very less chicken filling and dull flavour. Not at all worth the price.
I ordered garlic bread and cheesy fries with lots of hope since it had a 4.0 rating in zomato but sadly it disappointed me to the core , the garlic bread was as small as good day biscuits and very hard to bite while the cheesy fries were very cold and not at all consumable!
A sincere request, don't try waffles from here. Tried a Nutella waffles priced at Rs 199 and they just put half a spoon of Nutella on three quarters of waffle. Expected a lot more, disappointed.
They just cancelled the order after an hour. This was not at all justified and not at all accepted. Had a very bad first experience of the restaurant
Ordered peri peri fries online today . The fries were damp and cold. A suggestion to the restaurant to please not to accept orders if you cannot maintain quality
toast was a failure.
Pathetic food. Omelete is having black color on it. Breads are missing. Strawberry toast , something white is there which smells. Pathetic food . Yakk. Such bad experience. Delivery boy also came 1 hour late. Never gonna order from here .
Cant even give a straw with shake,how am i supposed to drink😒
food was cool and waste of money late delivary
How can they not give my full delivery. You forgot to deliver my full order.
Worst service, food is not good. And people are not polite here. Very slow service. Not preffered for professional parties. Only appearance is good
We were 5 friends and I specifically called to ask if stags are allowed. Manager told that stags are allowed. Once we reached, the bouncer refused us entry saying stags are not allowed on dance floor. I called manager again he also denied entry. I can't understand why can't they clarify the same on call. I spent so much money on cab only to be denied entry. La la Land sucks.
Pathetic customer service. We called and enquired if stag entry was allowed and they said yes. Once we reached here, stag entry was not entertained. When we told we had already called before coming, they said we will allow stag but not dance floor. Why the hell you can't clarify all your nonsense rules over call
The most horrible and disgusting place I have ever been to. They have a big menu to offer but most of it is not available to be served. The food is the shittiest thing ever made and eaten in human history. The waiters are rude and incompetent to either understand hindi or English. The acoustics in the karaoke nights sucks. When we asked for a manger, three different waiters came to us and finally when we said we won't pay the bill until the manager addresses our concerns is when the amazing pot bellied, arrogant and rude manager showed up. His name is Ali and he was in no mood to listen to any of the feedback we provided instead he offered as 2 free drinks which we definitely didn't need because somewhere he already agreed with the feedback we gave but he didn't want to do anything about it. When I tried explaining him that we would pay the bill, add tip and don't want free drinks but we want him to take the feedback seriously, he was like "if u r leaving, leave, why are u wasting my time?" I lost it and I was telling my friend, I repeat, I was talking to my friend stating "what the fuck is wrong with this place" is when he interrupts me and says that I need to mind my language. I was like, WHAT? "I" am talking to "my friend" about the "place" What's your problem in that? And I literally said sorry even, joined my hands for forgiveness to which he replies staying "ye badtameez ladkia yaha aati he kyu hai, tmko jo karna hai karlo, ladkiya he ho na, kya ukhaadlogi, UKHAAD lo." So that pretty much defines this place, the food and the people. Don't be a fool to visit this place even after reading my review. But yeah, if u think u can reach Ali a nice lesson, please go ahead, all my blessings are with you 😋
The disgusting part is the manager Ali.Such a disgusting disrespecting person to his customers. Will never visit this place again. The problem is if the manager is so rude just imagine how rude the staff can be
The food's really below average. Although they've put a lot of items on their menu, all of them lack quality and flavour. The service is not at all good. Nobody's even around you to take your orders or your feedbacks. If you are planning to go to this place for food, it's really a horrible idea.👎👎👎
This used to be a good place, the service level now is pathetic. They won’t even offer you the menu unless you ask for it, if a dish is served in a bad state it will take ages for you to give the feedback and by the time it is changed your meal would be over and the check ofcourse will take atleast 15 mins to get to you...so plan wisely at Lol Lol land
The worse service. Food is worst and can't able to eat deserts. They can't even take care of customer. The fish starter was even very less items and less spacious.
Very spicy food. Even the soup was ultra spicy. Starters were average. Main course could have more variety and some taste. Even the desserts were not good.
Pathetic food, slow service, extremely spicy food. Went there for a team lunch and it was the most disappointing food I ever had. Even the fruits were stale.
The music is so loud. We have requested them many times to reduce the sound. But our voice wasn't heard. We couldn't talk to each other. Never going to visit the place.
Very bad customer service booked a table for 6 before and when reached there, they are arraging 4 people table really worse seating..........
Just now had a buffet lunch and right now in restaurant only and writing this review. Not much option for vegetarians. Service is pathetic as we have to ask for starters and they are not serving and waited for 10 mins and had main course. After that they served remaining starter. Dessert were not at all good in quality.
Worst experience ever. Food was spoiled and the same was informed to the staff but not even got a response from them. Atleast they should have some concern on the customers. Even after informing about the taste, they just handed over the bill without even checking my issue. This type of service won't earn anything. This will be my last visit to this restaurant.
Extremely rude staff and costing like anything if u see there place and food ur going to feel like why the hell you are here.food quality 0/5
We had a worst experience, waste of money no courtesy, pathetic quality of food. They serve cuddle milk soup instead of cream of mushroom. Server argue and justify you place wrong order. Old fish, cheap oil they use. We paid our bill and had to left food without eating. Never to visit this place again
Today I have received worst biryani, getting some smell, previously I have ordered so many times then it was good, today I don't know what happened
Food is not good it's below average and too costly ... Moreover their behavior is not polite..... Restaurant is not hygiene as well ... The smell is bad ☹️ . When you are into food business have some respect for customers
Ordered chicken lollipop as a starter..but received them as burnt,salty and wet instead of dry snack. Egg fried rice was ok. Chicken kadai curry was not tasty at all .Chicken seems to be old stock. Veg rolls looked like Dosa roll instead. Rolls should be crispy with stuff not coming out. Didn't like the food at all . I'm not gonna order it from here again. Price also on the higher side but food is not worth the price.
The service is not good. The plates are not cleanly washed. They are not serving properly. Look at the picture how worst the spoon and bowl.
Ordered a lime soda with biryani. Recieved lime soda in used kinley soda bottle opened, half filled. This is ignoring basic hygine and acceptable packaging. The restaurant is risking people health. Not sure what else they will be compromising on.
Painfully Slow delivery. Exceedingly Oily and bland. Definitely not recommending it. They gave us all kinds of odd and inconsistent reasons for the delay so not satisfied by the whole experience. Sorry.
Food was not good.Its from yesterday's food with less quanity.I asked to customer care some one told they will refund and after 10 mins some one told not possible.Without giving proper food you people are charging and telling we are sorry.If you will go for Old chat also,same issue i am facing maximum times.This service is very bad services provding Zomato.I will put a complain to Food inspection team,they will definitly take a action.Zomato is full of fraud service.It shuold stop.Some times delivery guys are eating customers food ,sometimes providing 2 days back food to customers.
not good service and not speak good always argument
Really really bad spring rolls. Smelled really weird like it's rotten or puke...Oil used or some sauces might have gone wrong. Extremely oily...never seen anything like that. Just wrapped it in tissues and yet over flowing oil, squeezed into the sink honestly. Couldn't eat it obviously because of the smell and oil.
Very bad. Got stale food in chicken biryani parcel. There was no improvement or apologies from them when we shared the feedback to the team.
Ordered ulavacharu chicken biryani..taste WAS good until I found a DEAD BEE .. yes Bee inside my biryani..I throw all the food right way ...my first n last order from own nom nom..attaching pic for ref... And people I know what i saw its not any fried onion or any fried spices..
bad quality
ordered family pack but delivered regular biryani
Worst service, this delivery man can't speak even a single language properly - English or Hindi. Even after I gave him 20/- tips he didn't tried to find the address, has no idea about the location.
Pathetic food. Even a roadside Chinese cart would be much better. Rice is not fried, it’s just over red in color, no schezuan flavour at all, hardly any mushrooms that too not fresh, not even salt was added. And there were onions (that too rotten) given with a Chinese dish, don’t know what kind of chef or a restaurant it is.
owm nom nom
Rice is not cooked completely, ended up in wasting the food and money😡😩
quantity of prawns are very very less in prawns masala, it's very bad.
This time they degraded the quality , they gave 2 pice of chicken and rest rice .
The food was not up to the mark. I just couldn't eat a bit. The so called special 'Raju gari Pulao' was just a nightmare. Don't recommend to anyone
Ordered Gadwal Kodi Pulav, it had no salt. No resolution on it even after complaining that it had no salt. The quantities served are very less, so everyone who think one Pulav will serve two, to need to order one for each.
Reservation confirmed for 11pm, (shows open till 11:30pm), denied dining on arrival without prior intimation saying kitchen closed by 10:30 Pm and that they are not on zomato.
Worst service. Food quantity is very less. Even the AC temperature was high. I suggest not to visit this place. Ridiculous thing was thums up and water was served hot.
The worst experience ever. Ordered achari ghoshti it came with more salt later asked him he repaired the remaining curry after half an hour. Also the service was too slow and pathetic.
Ulavacharu is well known for its taste. But the service I received today was the worst and this is not the first time even after complaining to the manager about it he did not even apologize for it and moreover he delivered me mutton instead of chicken and when asked about it he was like this is chicken and he tried blaming me instead . The way they behaved was worst . Manager named veera babu was very rude too. He was not even responding whatever we ask he said I am the sole owner and no one is above me. Even after we paid the bill they behaved rude. I do not recommend going here..
Very very bad sooo waste taste less dont take order online.Very very bad sooo waste taste less dont take order online. Very very bad sooo waste taste less dont take order online
The place doesn't serve your booking request. You have to still wait an hour to get the table even after doing a booking, it just completely spoils the mood .
The food was different from what I ordered and this is 2 nd time I Think will nvr order again
I ordered Raju Gari kodi palav from this pathetic senseless restaurant. Why the hell there is water in Raju Gari kodi palauo? It is full of water. I have to heat and boil it again to take water out and it became paste. Is this how you serve customers? Pathetic. I am never going to order again from this restaurant. Stupid restaurant
Heard so much about this restaurant and went to enjoy the weekend dinner, but the rotis were served cool and the curry is full of oil. Inspite of complaining to concerned staff, there wasn't much difference. Try to avoid Ulavacharu, if you want to have a tasty and healthy food.
The ordered Food was not good spoilt.
I had a family lunch today at Ulavacharu Gachibowli. Natukodi kaju vepudu was seriously bad in taste, chicken higeneness. When we complain about the same, staff didn't respond in proper manner.
Stale food and indigestible noodles. Please don't visit here if you don't want to fall sick. The chicken was dry and uncooked , the noodles was sticky and under cooked. Felt the items were reheated as it was served way quicker than expected.
Extremely poor food quality. I have got my food order replaced everytime I have come here. The service is also not friendly. This is my last visit to this place. I am sorry for the negative reviews.. but this time it was unbearable.
Quantity is very less..... And not so tasty , but service is good. If it provide quantity with tasty food will help the restaurant to attract customers.
I have ordered food online, Veg Chilly Garlic Noodles and Honey Chilly Potato. The taste was pathetic. In chilli garlic noodles, there was no garlic. And Honey potato noodles, they have made French fries and put a sweet syrup on it. Looks like chief does not know how to cook this dish.
Service was pathetic and staff was absolutely rude and not open for feedback. service is one area where management has to focus on at least as per my experience. Definitely not a place that I will ever visit again with the kind of experience, not that there was any argument or anything it was very cold.
Restaurant serves stored food. Today I visited to have fried ice cream but it's not fresh. They prepared the food long back and just kept it refrigerated. It's not fresh. When I asked for any manager in the place, there is no Manager available. Worst experience ever. I would not prefer it to anyone.
Worst chinese i have ever eaten !! The chopsuey was sweet and the paneer was bland !!!
We found cockroach in the food!! Unhygienic pace! Dirty kitchen!! Horrible Staff and worst Manager! Please think twice before you order food from here
We came here to enjoy some good Chinese food but instead were served with cockroach in American Chopsuey. We immediately showed that to the waiter and asked for the bill. They deduced that dish from the bill but again won't dare to go to that place again.. Was very disappointed..
oriental or any of the cuisines they are serving. Food was so spicy that we were sipping water after every bite and after few bites i had started tearing up. It was so spicy full of whole red chillies that it was impossible to eat it (P.S. we are a family who loves spicy food). Also in the name of dimsum for rupees 250 they served street style steamed veggie momos which cost barely 50 rupees a plate. Highly dissapointed with food!!"
Hi. This is a restraunt where even if the customer says the dish is bland and not tasty chef comes back and say it's the way that it gets cooked. No words more than that.
Ordered sesame chilly chicken for home delivery and it was one of the worst chicken dishes I have had. Chicken was like rubber and they had added so much spices that it was almost bitter. They didn't even have the sense to send a spoon or fork and some tissues.
ordered salt and pepper prawns : it was extrememly salty and we couldnt eat it
I ordered with them yesturday and got chicken in my veg pad thai!!! :( very disappointed with it as xhilli potato was really nice. I dont recommend anyway who is vegetarian as I couldn't even reach them on phone....
Ordered veg fried rice. Was so bland and tasteless for the price! It smelled weird too. I somehow felt street food would have been much better and cost effective
I went to this place yesterday and we used zomato gold. The service was very disappointing. Restaurant was out of staff. Didn’t attend properly even when the place was not at all crowded. Food was also not upto the mark. Served after a long time.Heard alot about this place but..
very high priced low quality food
Nasi Goreng, Kung pao chicken & burnt garlic chicken were really spicy & over powered with chilly flakes! Looked & tasted like every second grains of rice had a chilli flake tagged to it! The saving grace was the Indonesian prawn curry with steamed rice. Really upset with tonight’s order.
Food was worst and it came with a strong smell of oil. Chilly garlic noodle did not have any garlic, not even the flavour. All the items were really not eatable.
Got a piece of mirror in the food.
We ordered sea food bamboo rice and it tasted worse... Rotten smell from the rice made me sick... Ordered Kung Pao chicken.. we asked for something spicy and they suggested Kung Pao chicken.. but it is sweet ! I never knew that something sweet is actually meant to be spicy at Shanghai Chef!! We also ordered black pepper chicken curry and manchow soup... These two were ok
Teriyaki chicken quantity was very little. Kung pao vegetables have no veggies in it. Just full of sauce.
I had pretty "authentic" Chinese food here. Along with chilli sauce and chicken pieces in noodles, they served few insects as well. Staff is also quite cool and composed. Even after showing it to them, he just walked away with the bowl and didn't even bothered to say sorry. Respect!!
Rudest billing staff ever. Didn't provide change. Worst customer service. Never going again. Don't know how to treat the customers. Many options available.
chutney is not at all good
fast delivery,keep it up
Ordered tomato bath. restaurant gave upma... worst service . never order in this site again
Ordered for tomato bath but they have sent upma... Waste of time and money
Horrible Sambhar, It was thick as chutney and had just potatoes for the vegetable bit of it. Chutney and Dosa were still fine but sambhar was real bad.
they did not give me sambar.. unprofessional attitude
this order was not delivered
Worst
I have ordered sambhar vada and idli and what I have received is sambhar idli and idli.. 😐 Please be careful while delivering the orders! Thank you!
There are garlic peels in my garlic naan. Not just one but almost every where. Staff was least bothered in this concern. They don't remove garlic peels from naan
Very rude staff and bad service. Disapppinted. Decent food.Good harabhara kabab. Have been there multiple times I. Last, never faced such bad service. The manager was very rude, disinterested and had no concern with any grievances. The bill desk guy apologised on his behalf, but the manager just chose to walk away.
Very bad service. 90% time you will keep on waiting for food. Even when i ordered thali, thwy took more than half n hour to bring it. Even the food was nothing compare to Rajdhani.....
Food is pricey and portion size is not justified. Serving is super slow. Tons tons of improvement required. If I have a choice, I'd avoid this place.
Ambience was good.But the service was toooo bad.No one will take care after you order the food.its really pathetic.we need to ask for food repeatedly ..After 45 min they brought one starter and for main course they took one hour of time.Never prefer this restaurant
I visited the place yesterday for lunch with my family. This is usually a most loved place by all my family members and me for a casual dining. But yesterday it is a very bad experience we noticed the manger is changed. It took 20 minutes to find some one to take the order. Then it took him almost 30 minutes for the thali. I called the manager and asked why is it taking so long as we habe only asked a thali and lassi. Then he told us that some of the food got over so we are preparing it again so only it is taking so much time. But is was courtesy that he could have informed us that it is going to take time. After 40 minutes the food was served. But the lassi again took a very long time we cancelled the order and moved out.
Have been a regular customer. But waa totally dissatisfied today. Had to wait for 10 mins even to be served water. They are very short staffed and the manager is just not polite. They need to really up their service. Will think to go back again.
Quality and quantity is very less for Biryani combo.it is not worth of 150 rs.As a team we ordered 18 plates which is not sufficient.please look into it.
Overrated restaurant with pathetic service and average food. Spent 2.5 hours just for starters and main course. Had 2 rounds of rotis before paneer sabzi arrived. After asking manager that we have ordered main course more than half hour back, he told that you have ordered only 5 mins back. After this episode also it came after half an hour more. Visit the place if you have free time and want Air condition. Nothing else you can expect.
One of the worst in and around gachibowli. I ordered two rice combo and sent one and collected money for two. Such a non sense guy. The mathura villas owner. Never believe in their words.
Extremely disappointed with the service. They delayed serving the food. The staff is very lethargic and don't seem to care. Save your time. Go elsewhere. By the by, the pepper curry was the worst. Don't try searching for this in menu for this dish. It isn't there. They added so much of pepper, it felt like some chef's spontaneous idea which messed up our palate. -_-
Staff is very reckless and they are least bother about the customer. We left without having lunch for keeping wait for more then 30 mins and the manager even not ask us to wait. He went inside to cancel the order
 maybe bad food..."
This restaurant has gone way below the acceptable quality levels. Had been a great place to go earlier but looks like they have started compromising in quality of food and service. Items on the menu aren’t available but offered what they had at that time. Rice was watery, none to care for your concern but were commenting on what was wrong and it was eatable. Will never come here again.
 dirty tables and wares and Ill maintained wash rooms. And on top of it misleadinģ offer of 25% discount. I just had my last visit today."
Ordered north Indian Thali, tastes bad, most of the curries are bad in taste, except one which is panneer. I had a feeling that chole curry was prepared yesterday and it smells & tasts bad. They served 2 sweets, semiya and kirayi. Only Semiya tastes good.
Very poor service. People are very slow, you have to wait for 15 minutes to get one item. The funny part is even for giving bill they take ages as if they are not interested in taking money as well. I will never recommend this place to anyone because of its poor service.
Worst service food. Those who want blood pressure problem may visit. Every thing highly saalted. Don't go on name mathura it's local. Worst food worst service
What’s the point of taking Zomato Gold when there are so many restrictions on what is eligible. Look at the terms and conditions - they are so restrictive. The main speciality of the Mathura Vilas, ie Thali is not eligible for Zomato Gold. Coverage of Zomato Gold needs to drastically improve. No point in having Zomato Gold otherwise
Pathetic place! We had ordered for non spicy food but what they served us was tasteless spicy food. Also when we wanted to order for dessert they said everything in the dessert menu got over by lunch and hence there is nothing left for dinner.
Dont get fooled by seeing their advertisements, where they show lavish South Indian thali served on banana leaf. We went there in search of authentic south cusine, but returned disappointed. They didn't have any kind of thali at dinner and serve only north indian ala carte. We ordered some soup and starters which was okay. Then we ordered besibelebhat and curd rice, both were pathetic.They have a very confused theme. Don't waste your time or spoil your mood.
I ordered veg. Thali..which was just nt up to the mark. The fud seemed stale with out any taste. We just threw it. I won't recommend it to anyone
Bad experience, first they denied zomato gold benefits by stating "today is 15th aug" so no offers. To be honest food was even more bad, paneer gravy was so watery n tasteless. Not recommended at all..............................
We a bunch of friends went for a holiday dinner. Ordered tandoori murg, lasuni murgh tikka. Both the dishes were under cooked. Masala was not cooked at all. Had to throw away.
Worst dal khichdi ever very less quantity. Expected a very good taste and quantity. Just pathetic service restaurant should check before serving the food. If you are going to maintain such poor quality it is not going to work for you
We ordered Butter chicken, paneer makhani, dal makhani and mango lassi. The gravies had no distinctive flavor. They were overtly sweet and tasted nothing like the original dishes. The dal makhani was tolerable (but not good). Since it's mango season, expected the mango lassi to be made of fresh ingredients (our fault for not checking). Expected some semblance of authenticity after reading the reviews.
Ordered kamaal ka murg ( angara) , no value for money, the taste was that of uncooked masala with no trace of oil . Did not seem to be cooked at all .. the chicken was coated in curry.. 👎🏼
We have ordered 2 non veg thalis for dinner. After an hour restaurant cancelled the delivery saying that they got more delivery and will not be able to deliver the order. Why are you accepting the delivery at first place. Previously the restaurant was small and service was awesome. But after expansion quality of food and service have detoriated.
Decor n all great. Reviews bought me here with high expectations. The food was rancid and didn't look well prepared or freshly made. I ordered some cheese kofta. It was hard as a rock that kofta. Overall super weird punjabi food. Easy on the pocket but it's not something I would try again
Very worse we even received one plastic cover in it
Inedible super spicy food
Food was not at all cooked,Such a bad biriyani it was. It was burnt. And very bad response from hotel and the delivery boy didn't respond to my calls to send it back.Never get cheated with the name of bawarchi biriyani
quitity was not sufficient good
I ordered a chicken Biryani in this restaurant and with full excitement i opened the box. I got only biryani in the box But i didn't get chicken piece in the biryani, worst service.
Worst worst Worst food... I didn't eat upto now like this worst biryani in my life... I don't know how to cook.. But if I cook biryani I will make better than this taste... Ordered in zomato.. If I eat there I will throw and I will nd will discuss with them.. Bludy taste.... Bludi restaurant...
I ordered egg soft noodles from here, they didn't even included spoon or spork for the item.., how I have to eat noodles and also full of oily
quantity is very low
Very bad only rice no pieces at all worst don't go for this only one piece tat too bone only waste of money they will give more rice and one bone waste of money v
1/2 ltr of oil in the curry had to drain it and eat
I had ordered a Veg Biriyani today, 1st time I had a Worst Biriyani, I was Confused either it is a Biriyani or not even a Pulav it is, Sum was not there with the rice, The Gravy was not enough for even 5 bytes..
HI ordered Veg biryani , family pack quantity is good but taste is worst not at all good and no taste ,  i look like colored rice without any flavor. pls not prefer
weaste food
I ordered 2 biryani but received only one..this is very bad. I am trying to reaching them on the same and not reachable.please avoiding these things because customer expect the order
I don't give any rating...food taste was horrible....try to improve...
Worest restaurant, no guality ,no maintain worest ,food was cold not hot .evaru koda order cheyakandi eavaru deni antha worest food choda ledu.
I ordered a chicken biryani at a cost 120rs which is an affordable price to have food for one person. But in this restaurant immediately when the order came I am really frustrated to see the quantity and quality. First talking about quantity it doesn't satisfy the hunger of atleast one person and then talking about quality it was not served hot . Readily packed food and looks like as it was not cooked fresh may be cooked atleast a day before I guess. I suggest my friends and colleagues never select this restaurant and I'll never order from this restaurant. I am even wondered how come this restaurant get 2.6 rating which is too high. Waste of money and time going to this restaurant and ordering from this restaurant.
Don't ever dare to order. The worst food got bad smell when i opened the parcel. I couldn't eat after looking some nonsense with hair seems like chicken leg. I just straightly dumped in Dustbin. worst experience. I lost my money and food.
worst food I have received till now..totally wastage of money...
First of all update contact number ..it's showing switched off... I have ordered paneer Tikka masala n 6 tandoori roti.. but I have received only 3, tandoori roti and paneer was not good .. it was burnt... When I call delivery boy he said call restaurant guys ..I bought what they gave me... Trying to call but it's switched off
How can be polite and friendly while writing review, if we are not getting what we order. Ordered a mutton hundi in Zomato and got chicken hundi. How ridiculous and irresponsible.
Fully disappointed... I have ordered handi biryani with two pieces... but restaurant delivered me with one piece of chicken.
Mutton biryani was worst. No proper taste, less pieces that too not prperly cooked. Worst experience
Delivery system is too bad.......... Fuc*.....................................................................................................
not got thumbsup
Food taste was very good. but, multiple items missed from my order and the follow up was very difficult.
completely dry and not at all tasty it is.....
it is very poor
Really very disappointed with quantity of chicken in the biryani
not good
chicken is not cooked well. taste is also not good
I ordered Hundi but I got single
it is very poor
Awful, in short!!!. Had gone to this place once for lunch. Had a terrible spicy tasteless biryani.The salan was just jal jira & pudina water. I guess they forgot we were having biryani and not pani puri. Explains the lack of customers.
The worst experience ever had. If you order a biryani you’ll get an oil packet free in it. Hope you can get it! If you ask for a manager they says there is no manager.
The taste was not yet good,it's was too oil in biryani and while we are asking to the manager he said that it was ghee,no proper response from them.
The worst food I ever had. I came with a team of 20, this seems to be my worst experience. Never an going to come. The chef don't speak, the managers don't know what is being served. Above all, biryani is cooked with oil enough to cook 4curries. What a pitiful condition. No feedbacks forms available.
Poor service and rally horrible customer service, specifically the person named Imran really mis behaves and don’t take the order properly and was kind of threatening. Food quality is also not up to mark and importantly the behaviour of staffs as mentioned by Imran is very bad .
my order was changed
Not good.. They are using to much oil in Biryani.. it was very good three months back.. now Biryani is too bad ...and starts and Tandur is good test
too bad but tasty
very less quantity,not value for the price.
It is closed as of 14th May. It is not mentioned on Zomato. Please call before you visit this place. I wanted to take my parents to the place but they referred me to Mustang!!!
Worst service. Worst staff. Worst food. Waste of every penny I spent here. They didn’t even apologise for the mistake they have done while billing.
One of my worst dining experience ever. The staff took one and half hour to serve the main course and another half an hour to provide cutlery.Way to ruin my bday dinner with my parents with me actually leaving the restaurant empty stomach.
Visited on December 23rd at 10 PM. Pathetic experience, chess balls served as cold. Second drink quantity is lesser than first one. First time disappointed from your service. Hope next time you will improve your services.
Worst service ever seen. Bug in food. Cold food. Not properly cooked naan. No one to listen to your request. No one even to serve plates. Just two waiters who are busy in themselves. Uncourteous staff. Manager paid no regards. Not even an apology for such a bad service.
Not the best experience. Staff isn't prompt, neither aware of what on the menu is actually available in the kitchen. Indifferent to any standards of service. Visited twice in 2 days, had poor experience both the times.
I ordered food from here through swiggy. Had a guest coming over for dinner. Ordered butter chicken and adraki mutton. The dishes were horrendous and inedible. The butter chicken had gone stale and smelt pungent. The adraki mutton's gravy was NOTHING but oil. Was shocked to see such atrocious quality being sent. What was more nerve wrecking was that I was banking on these dishes for my guest. Will never ever order from here. Wish I could give you a rating less than 1.
order 2 allo parotha got only one
 this place is not meant for us."
The food here is a total insult to restaurant business. I ordered lal maas- which was totally not the dish at all, it looked and tasted unhealthy(full of red onions, they shd hav named d dish lal piyaas). Neways, I asked the manager to replace the dish and he insisted on trying their adrakhi malai mutton which again was not the dish they had mentioned in d menu. Instead of adrakh they put garlic — a lot of it! with a watery type gravy🤣. Upon complaining, the manager said that their head chef has left for the day, hence the food is not the way it is. I mean dude! Seriously! thats your reason?. Guys pls stay away from this place. Its a place for disrupting ur digestives system, insult to your hard earned money and insult to the mutton they procured to cook.
Pathetic customer service,stale food and worst ever experience.on top of it found a fingernail found from the noodles.I wish I could have taken a photograph but their staff took it back to never return.High chances of spoiling your health eating here.beware friends!An honest feedback can save many.
Very bad service .no less than tricksters.should be sued for this.just need opportunity for taking money.evn after one minute of cancellation ,they are not refunding money
I have order pannier 65 with egg fried rice and one extra egg m paid for those but I'm recived only pannier 65 with egg fried rice not recived egg but I'm get bill from restarent include with extra egg
Whats the difference between small medium and large? Total waste of money! I would never recommend anybody to ever try out this place! Its a total waste !
I ordred for noodles and gobhi less spicy but they sent me extra spicy. It was for my five year old. Ended up ordering more food , waste of money and time
I ordered chilli potato with fried rice box and i specifically mentioned the spicy box. But maybe the restaurant does not know what does spicy means and u can also see that the color of rice is nearly equal to white. It was totally waste of money. Chilli potato was even worst in this . I'll suggest you to never order from this place.
Disappointed, crispy baby corn is completely soggy, it was also tasteless. First experience is horrible, along with very poor portion size. It can't even be enough for 1 person.
Waste of money , tried there Vegetable noodle and chilli chicken gravy combo . Noodle was tasteless , chilly chicken was hard and gravy was just average .
The worst place to have Chinese. Will serve you with red chilli powder red rice. Don't know what Chinese is actually. Disgusting disgusting a d disgusting.
it is said medium but it looks like small only.
I have ordered chicken noodles.It was very worst.The noodles were hard and chicken was also not of good taste.Very disappointed with the order.
food is awesome, but delivered food after 1:30 hours late.when called and asked they replied, there are lot of orders.this is not fare.we waited almost 90mins for 20mins delivery
The food was so salty. Couldnot eat it at all. Money wasted. Chicken was not properly cooked. There was no salt in the chicken while the rice was full with salt. No balance.
Food quality are not good . I ordered large box but food quantity are very less . My last two order box are packed with cello tape but this time box are open .Waste of money.
They charged money for ketchup but they didn't provide any ketchup without ketchup how people can eat Gobi Manchuria and onion lemon are also not provided so no taste
Not spicy as opted. Plain noodles not even tasting good
I order hot and sour chicken soup it was salty and sour. I also ordered noodles with chilli potato, noodles were tasteless, same goes with chill potato. the quality has been reducing with time
The worst place to eat at in Hyderabad. The people are extremely rude and the food tastes as bad as the people behave. The service is poor as well
Got different items than I ordered. Be careful before taking the order. The guy is irresponsible not checking and delivering without seeing order.
not good.
the food has 0 taste the rice is not cooked properly. the panner is very hard and chewy. what kind of food Is this?? why do they have 3.5 rating for this kind of food!! I want u to take immediate action !
worst egg noodles I ever had... please stop making such shit
I ordered veg noodles but I get veg fried rice. please be conscious while sending food to the customers.
very oily
quantitity is very small and the taste is worst
I don't want to interest to eat this bloody item....I tell I replace my order can't listen it bloody Zomato
dirty food
give the correct item u idiots
Baby corn Manchurian was gone bad when it was delivered.
the taste is not good just waste of money wan refund
Ordered tiramisu cup cake, brownie, green apple mojito and garlic bread. Unfortunately, nothing was good. Grossly misled by high zomato rating. Wouldn't recommend this place even to my frenemies!!
Food is really bad. I ordered aglio olio pasta, pesto veg sandwich, quesadilla, peach iced tea and broccoli sweet corn turnover starter. The taste was really bad, not even average. They put tomatoes in everything and the bread was really hard. I will never ever recommend this place to anyone.
I ordered the BBQ Chicken Panini from another delivery service and they gave me a normal sandwich with soggy bread and stale chewy chicken cooked in bad oil. If this is what they call a Panini they should probably shut down and take elementary cooking classes.
had heard a lot about this place but this is my worst experience in Hyderabad. ordered for chocolate elixir and it was big disappointment. thankfully the staff agreed to change it. the price for the quantity yey they serve is very high.the place wasn't clean, there were so many flies, not maintained and cleaned. wouldn't recommend it to
Dont deliver from here. Cheesecake came as little almost the half of usual size of the one you get when dined. And they dont cook properly and use good ingredients for online orders. VERY DISAPPOINTED. Not worth the money AT ALL
They have listed themselves to feature on Zomato, but just decline every order. Terrible approach and poor customer service. I am a regular at Eclat, but never expected them to be this poor.
Portion size vs cost is dismal. 3 inch diameter quiche costs Rs165. Packaging charges very very high, Rs15 for a paper bag size 5.5" by 7". My bill of 793 was inclusive of Rs 50 packaging charges and Rs 38 GST... The entire order won't be sufficient to quell the hunger pangs of even one normal adult.
I haven't tried their ala carte menu but had a slice of their cheesecake which was definitely not worth the whopping 410 bucks. It was nothing like the original cheesecake and had a strong annoying scent of cinnamon. Moreover, the portion was too meagre.
With the kind of price they have for the buffet, I would call this as my worst buffet experience ever. The vegetarian people I had accompanied had nothing to eat at all. There was not even a single paneer starter. And for non-vegetarians, there was nothing except chicken being served.  We don't expect such food for this cost and venue.
We went for a lunch with our team, and all of us were truly disappointed with the food and the service as well. For vegans, they had just 2 starters.. the food did not had any taste, it was more like just things being mixed without any skills. Desserts were little better, but main course was completely disappointing, be it the dal makhani, which lacked consistency, or the paneer, which was like cubes poured on top of the gravy. I certainly would have tasted better food than this at pretty lower costs.
We visited for Sunday Dinner! Awful experience..Food was all cold without any taste..though staff was courteous and tried to compensate by good behaviour but all in vain when food is not good..
It was a horrible experience. Food was okayish, definitely not of 5-star hotel standard. The dinner buffet spread didn’t have variety. Place was overcrowded and the ambience was bland. But the thing that spoiled our evening was their pathetic service and attitude. There was almost zero attention to customers. You go there and sit at the table and no one even comes and serves water or anything. No one guides or provides instructions. Basically you are supposed to go and start serving yourself as if you are in some langar and not a high end restaurant. Even for the bill we had to go the counter and ask thrice. Definitely not a place to go with your special someone.
I ordered paratha and kulchas from here yesterday night and out of 3 ..2 were burnt . Taste was horrible . And when we complained in zomato chat they gave 27 credit points .. as if that makes up for everything . Our order was of much more value and then we had to order again from some place else coz no one will eat burnt food like that. Horrible service by Being Hungry and Zomato . They don't take their customers seriously at all . Will never ever order from this place again nor will my friends order from here again.
Food is too spicy Schezwan chicken fried rice that we cannot keep it in mouth. Had to throw all the food. Waste of money. I think they kept chilli powder on top
I ordered a veg panner Biryani the taste was not satisfied and it was not good taste and the quality also low I am not satisfied with this quantity
Odred and got biryani,,, this guys don't know different between biryani and fried rice,,, named as biryani food is almost fried rice except chicken peace,,,
the taste is absolutely very bad
Food color is more. Worst food which I ate in Hyderabad. Unable to eat.Paneer biriyani is full of food color. Mushroom 65 is also full of food color.
less quantity
too much spicy...tastes like Manchurian....not good
Worst chicken tengri kabab I ever had. It wasn't cooked well at all. I hope BeingHungry Kondapur you guys are aware of the fact that customer is everything for you . Serve quality food man.
If you can’t get a simple dish like chicken drumsticks right then I don’t know what you can make right
Worst order I ever had, no chicken in butter chicken, only a glimpse of tiny 4 5 pieces and a full of oil. I will never order from this place.
very bad.. ordered special biryani,but it was mixed with dum biryani and completely dry.if you guys dont have specific item please dont display in menu..
Food is too bad, I ordered Cashew biriyani and I can count the cashews on fingers, taste is also very bad, just plain steamed rice with some masala cashew become cashew biryani. Waste of money
not so tasty
the food was delivered tooo late
worst quality
they teached me how to eat the zeera rice with fork
Taste less Biriyani...not following Delivery Instructions
Not cocked
Hey guys, your resturant sucks big time. If you guys cant deliver then put a big lock on your store. But please dont cancel after 2 whole hrs after confirming the order in 5 minutes. Never gonna order ever and will advice same to others. wish i could give a zero rating, dont deserve to be 4.4.
bad
No cornflakes which i ordered specifically
Too sweet and artificial in taste.
extremely bad quality.
milkshake melted..not as excepted
Worst the employees who r doing this are taking out reputation of tempteys
It wasn't even a "Thick" shake. Ice-cream was not present. they put whipped cream in place of ice cream. taste was bad.
Pathetic taste
Worst packing milk shake is leaked to outside😡
i have ordered icecrem tempteys but i dint have an icecrm in that i just have shake what happenning arround and then why of ordering with ectra money and we be on hungry
didn't received order
I paid for extra Choco chips..and I didn't even find single chin inside..it's so disgusting. I have already mentioned in instructions like..please don't forget add ons.stll they forgot
I had ordered 5 chicken tikka burger from KS bakes. The burger was super sweet, something one would not expect from a chicken tikka burger. Also the chicken was not cooked well, and didint seem tikka pieces any way. The bread was sweet and had a sweet fragrance to it. I don't know if it's their speciality to serve sweet burgers, but I didn't liked it a bit. It was my 1st burger order from K s bakes and I would not recommend anyone to order burgers from there. Not sure if it was a one off thing but all the burgers were sweet. 😅 Quantity was good though.
Incompetent people working here. Nobody was there to take my order for 10 mins. Then instead of packing two items they packed only one. Loss for me. And there were bones in the chicken meat used in the burger and the pizza bun.
A week back, I ordered a black forest cake from KS Bakers Gachibowli. All excitement died after the first bite. It was for the first time in my life (after tasting black forest cake a zillion times before) that I tasted a black forest cake with a strong lingering elachi flavour. After reading a previous review mentioning this same issue, I thought that the suggestion was taken and improvement/change would have been done. I am sorry to say that the situation of the black forest cake remains the same. I would recommend everyone NOT to try the black forest cake from KS Bakers. It is a true disappointment.
We went for a quick drinks+snacks catchup. They have zomato gold on drinks but they showed a lot of restraint to provide that. We found the food quality average and service even below average. Avoidable all all costs.
Horrible experience.Food was really bad and service was very slow. Most of dishes mentioned/recommended in other reviews were not even part of their menu. First time i had such a disappointment with any 4+ rated restaurant.
Its almost like they do not want to get you your food. Waited 1.5 hours for the food and all we got was 'Its on the way'. Ordered the BBQ Veg Pizza. Just baked corn and onions on bread. Small portion sizes makes it not worth it. Ordered the Veg Lasagna, but had to cancel it at the end due to 'Its coming' reason.
BAD food! BAD service too! We ordered pizza, Veg manchuria and crispy corn. We did not like either of those. Never gonna go there ever again.
Walked in during happy hour and was shocked to know they had very few drinks available, and out of beers. And when asked, the service staff had no clue. All they said was "no stock, it may take an hour or more." Sad!
Such a pathetic service, no one will attend you, you have to ask them.nice place but service will annoy you.Have to think before coming.first time bad experience
Believe me, pls dont go to this pathetic place in hyd. I have been in many pubs in hyd but this is beyond worst. They don't know how to manage a huge crowd plus don't provide good service , plus there is network issues so you cannot pay through your card and they will force you to pay cash
Great place. The setup is truly one of its kind. But the Staff and the "entitled" crowd will spoil the experience completely for you. Absolutely pathetic hospitality, they lack even the basic human courtesy. Lusty uncles and snobby bouncers is all they have in their crew.
Too much attitude display by all staff. Need to be taught manners regarding how to be courteous to guests. Only Ambience, food just about ok.
Poor service, tasteless food. We went there for a corporate party, but even after paying too much we felt like its not worth even half the value.
Worst Place , first of all it is in outskirts and the staff in the entrance they are least bothered about the customers, they are not professional , literally we came back without entering . All hype created .
Fine that you are taking cover charge but why are you deructing rs250?We did not get place to seat then why is this defuction?are you not going to take service charge?
 they are not in use."
Ordered Mix Veg and Tandoori roti twice in a gap of 10 days, first time it was awesome food forcing us to repeat the order. Second time it was real disaster. Terrible food, burnt roti and not so good subzi as well.
Biiyani which you was deliveyed was worst. Till the date i haven't eat this kind of biiyani. Worst taste. I can't even eat it. I kept the biiyani in the dust bin. And also i have order kaju biiyani, and i did not get even 5 kaju  pieces also.....................................................
Worst food in Hyderabad. Very low quality and old stock food they serve. They are serving old stock food items after that not accepting their fault at all. Very rude behavior.
No salt in food
Guys to be very frank the foods not good and the oil they used for cooking is not health eventhougj we can smell it in food ....wrost experience
verry bad food.i am ordered hyderabadi specail birayani. and quantity also verry less and onions and lemons also not given.dont waste your money.
not good ..
very poor quality
Worst Taste, Late Delivery, Taste is Bad, Not Cooked Properly, I wont recommend this to any one, Zomoto guys you please look at this as we have Ordered through your Platform only
I have ordered twice from zomato. I don't know why they are so obsessed with oil. I found half of the container comes filled with oil only. I bet you can't chew their chapatis if you have teeth strong enough to break stones. Really bad quality food for health... They will surve just oil.. this oil I have removed from dal.. more than that came in paneer as well which I have ordered earlier few months back.
3rd class food providing..spoiled food came..seriously the food was pathetic...dont go any santosh dhaba..in my entire life I never had this much bad food.
Food delivery is faster but food is not hot and not that tasty
Very very warest food wasted money don't order this restaurent quality is very low less than 20 % show Rich and delivery very poor quality don't ordered
Food Quality Is worst. Literally vomitted all the food what I ate.....Too oily....we can’t eat...I don’t suggest this restaurant . Didnt expect this from santhosh dhaba branches.
Worst quality and in veg biryani there is no any vegetables and i never order in shree santosh daba waste restaurant and packing also very nirmal like road side packing
yuck biryani
i order the  food through zomato. wide O.No. 1286553601 its a combo one, waste of money. never ever go to this Shree Santosh Dhaba Family Restaurant. don't waste your money
Taste is good as usual. I ordered Full Kaju curry and they sent half which is pathetic.
i got a veg fried rice insted of kaju fried rice ..
worst paneer Manchuria I ever ate till now....total money waste. this restaurant should be removed from Zomato.
order was not good ...was so late in delivering food
waste of my money
naans are totally burned unable to eat.
very bad
Order not delivered
I haven't received the order and money was paid.. worst service of both Santosh dhaba and Zomato
Well the order firstly came way beyond it's time and didn't came what was ordered originally.
food was very worst I don't like the food...I'm very dissatisfied with they biryani nd baby corn manchuria
the worst biryani I ate in my life is this one
Food was not that bad but it took too much time to prepare the order by restaurant. I avoid this restaurant in future.
worst food completely spoiledddd cannot eat wasted completely
Today 19th dec 2018 I ordered assorted veggies with soft noodles unfortunately food quality wasn't good at all..Really disappointed as its 3rd or 4 th time I ordered same items..Last orders looked fresh and taste was awesome but this time not happy ..Hope quality of food is maintained..
Oh terrible pan fried noodles.. so salty and no spices whatsoever. Ordered pan fried noodles and what we received is a box of dry noodles and a box of cornstarch based salty soup infused with vegetables. There was no description of the dish to be like this on the menu. They might have other good dishes on the menu but pan fried noodles is not their specialty for sure
Bakwaas chilli garlic noodles... niether chili nor garlic taste
The food was good every time but not this time. The chicken in the fried rice didn't cooked completely. It was very raw. And the chicken coriander lemon soup seemed costly and not worthy for price.
I ordered Thai green curry and this is what I received for 600 rupees. It's some aaloo curry with visible red chillies on it. Rice is the worst I have seen in my life. Worst experience ever.
worst experience
Ordered for a chicken sweet corn soup and veg fried rice. The fried rice was bland but bearable. The chicken soup was really bad. Safe to say this was the worst chicken sweet corn soup I’ve ever had-taste and quality both.
poor
pathetic chilli potato...looks like someone put sugar ayrup in it
very bad
Super poor quality.Also quantity is not at all justified.Need to have a quick check on this.Learn something from your counter vendors such as Mainland China and Chinese Pavillion.Sad , will never order and also will never suggest anyone to order from here. Lot of scope of improvement
there is a stone in the food.
I DID NOT GET MY FOOD!!
food packing was not at all done properly as all the oil from a non veg food was out in the cover and got mixed up the veg food
Excellent food but why am I always given plastic cutlery even though I specifically request it NOT be provided?
ordered soup Veg Mancho soup bad quality no vegetables only thick Corn paste
received something else
The quantity given was less than a plate. It was not worth the price at all.
I ordered veg soft noodles and garlic burnt fried rice and both are undercooked. Disappointed.
charging 10rs for packing but its bulshit, charging 10 for normal packings😈... comming to taste.. i ordered chicken fry piece biryani which tasts nutral.. means no flavour... very bad
I have book prawns biryani . but in that I have received chicken bones with some small chicken pieces.....got disappointed........
worst delivery
we are not satisfied, with the quantity of chicken piece which you given, you are just trying to fool the customers by giving 50 or 60 percent off on the very first order .it was not so good. it is very very bad...!
not good
Too much spicy and masala...
only one chicken piece for whole biryani,such a shame
got chicken biryani without chicken
Butter milk not delivered
Ordered food was not delivered. we ordered fried piece biryani though bill States the same but it was normal dum biryani that was delivered.
Delivery was too late. it got delivered by 10:50 PM. we ordered at 9:45pm. And biryani is not hot. very bad serve.
worst food.. with only 4 small pieces
cheated
Worst experience ever. They didn't serve food till 11. Pathetic music. Starters were cold. No one was there to serve drinks . It was a group event we all were very disappointing
Worst place ever. Came for a party. They did not serve food drinks. Arrogant staff. Not even one waiter in a team of 25 people. Music is pathetic. Ambience sucks!
The food over here is good. There are lot of drinks from menu which is not available. Moreover they charge wrongly, increasing the count of items you ordered.
The most f*****g experience I have had at this place .. service is super pathetic. Their waiters act like a bunch of jokers. For every order and drink you need to run after them. Will never advise any one to visit this place.
Worst place and worst service.. without any prior intimation they stopped taking orders.. for a crispy corn they took 1 hour.. will never recommend this place..
Pathetic service. No point in visiting this restaurant during the happy hours if they are going to refute the orders. No drink available, no starters available, waiter is giving stupid excuses about not serving food before happy hours. What is this service? Why do you even have happy hours when you don’t want to serve the happy hours menu. Very poor customer experience and never going to visit this place again in future. Tagging Bishwajeet Jha
Worst ever experience booking this place for corporate dinner. They do not have any courtesy and sense when they talk to the customers. Reservation team had no intention to do business. We would never ever recommend this place to anyone.
Booking a place here for a corporate package is absolutely horrendous. They provided the menu and package details on Friday and confirmed its available, and on Monday ( the day of the event ) Management was rude and was insisting they’ll not provide the buffet but will charge the same price as per the package. They did not have minimum courtesy and were not even respecting the fact that our manager ( a lady ) was trying to talk. This is probably the worst ever team I had ever talked to. Very disappointing. This has resulted in cancellation of our corporate party which consisted of several partners and managing directors. I’d never recommend this place to anyone.
I usually dont write reviews. This is perhaps my first one and you should probably guess the level of my frustration with this place. Just one word...small and deplorable. Cold food and poor service sums it all. Quite surprising that this is part of an elite chain...actually shocking. Have spare money...go to a better place....not this one.
 least bothered to apologize or explain.. NO GO place..blocked the place.."
Worst food. 150 ml coke costs 60/- Worst Serving and very arrogant attitude... Avoid visiting this place...! Manager is not available all the time.
The prices are hiked and then discount is offered. Basically the discount provided by the restaurant is kind of a fraud and they try to fool people.
I have ordered today Veg Cantonese pan fried noodles, both noodles and soup are not at all good. Noodles not cooked well. Soup has too much of corn floor and unable to eat. Total parcel went to garbage tin.
I wish i had a 0 star option for this.We visited for the first time and it was a very unprofessional way of having food there. The service was although fast but the food was terrible. We ordered apollo fish which was not at all worth eating and the mushroom starter itself gave a unwilligness to eat. The main course we ordered was Murg and Veg Kolhapuri which absolutely had no salt in it. The restaurant couldnt even provide lemons to us even after requesting multiple times whereas they had cut lemons for finger bowl. A must “No” to this place.
The ambiance of this place doesn’t justify the price. Severely over priced. Only with Gold is it ok. Would prefer if they thought of their service and ambience and try and compare with other restaurants out there.
Horrible first time experience. I would never suggest ordering or going to this restaurant. They have absolutely no regards for the customer satisfaction. I ordered food from this restaurant and after first accepting my order they go ahead and decline it after an hour. When I called the restaurant they say that it was the Zomato delivery guy declined it. I called Zomato and they say that the restaurant never responded to their call and so they had to cancel it. I called the delivery guy and he said that the restaurant told him that some one else picked up the order. I am not sure who is at fault here but I had a horrendous experience overall. So, I am not going to order or go to this restaurant again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone for their pathetic customer service.
I didn't visit the restaurant yet.. but ordered chicken biriyani here.. but that's not a biriyani.. that's a just cooked basmati rice with chicken 65.. they're calling it chicken biryani.. pathetic..will visit restaurant once..heard otherwise about sea food here.. and update my review then
I ordered mutton biryani and it was very bad..Worst quality mutton biryani you can eat . The pieces were all leftovers small bits and it felt he gave all leftover . On telling him to replace...reataurant told let them check it ...But then nothing was replaced . One should not prefer this restaurant as quality is now degraded . Extremely bad and horrible service .
very bad ...I didn't expect this quality and taste...
Been a regular customer of this place. The quality and taste has gone from wow to very bad. Had the worst biryani recently, tasteless, half of the chicken was uncooked and other half stale.
I ordered the aroma’s special chicken biryani and it would have been better if it wasn’t soo salty..Please do look into this next time......
I ordered Kadai Veg and Methi malai paratha. Both had a lot of soil particles and we couldn't eat either of them. On my previous experiences I really appreciated the food and highly rated the restaurant for the same dishes that disappointed me this time. We ended up ordering from somewhere else since the restaurant didn't act on my prompt complaint.
Very very bad. The food was not of good taste and quality as well. It’s like throwing money in water. Just some fancy names they have kept for dishes but the standard aren’t even like for petty shops. In fact after having the food both me and my husband have got food infection. Pls close ur shop instead of making people sick.
Worst Prawns Biryani .....i have ever had...& ..curd rice is too bad....Rice not at all properly boiled.....Felt too bad might this restaurant has fake reviews..
The food is too salty, I will tweet about this bad food
They forgot in egg fried rice
I am new to Hyderabad.. heard of the Hyderabadi Haleem here is very famous so ordered haleem from this restaurant. It was a disastrous experience. Please dont try any kind of haleem here. I haven't tried any other dish here and now I am hesitant to order any other dish from here after having haleem here.
Have always been a fan of the Shawarma of this place. Therefore wanted to try the mandi as well. But was utterly disappointed with the quality of rice being served. By no means it seemed to be mandi rice. It was more like Pulao rice. Considering the price that I paid the quality was no match for it. Mandi rice is never sticky but in this case it was. Kindly look into the image and you will understand.
I like this place for shawarma but mandi was pathetic. It contained pulao rice. Full sticky no cashews. Really not the kind of mandi i was expecting from this place. Really pathetic Mandi
Ordered grilled tandoori and to my surprise i have got 2 neck pieces for one chicken...must be an alien!!! Such a pathetic taste of food that i am never going to order from this joint again
They didn't provide any ketchup nor tissues also with the order. Ordered chicken cheese shawarma which is not tasty and the fries provided are not fresh but very soft.
worst... wrong food is delivered. Response is also not good
Onions were not given
Today we ordered jucy mutton mandi and chicken shawrma through Zomato .food delivered on time but the taste of the food was really worst the mutton they given it was too cool no hot and the gravy of the mutton tasteless I never expect this from this restaurant rest of the my friends also feel bad..
food was really worst taste.
the chicken was raw!
delayed delivery
No Raita,No Dry fruits, No Onions
Its a big mistake if ever u plan to have your food here. We have ordered for Veg Pasta & we have been served with Chicken Pasta. We have waited for an hour just for Broccoli and left without having our food.
The ambience was good. The service was way too slow and the staff was busy watching the cricket match on TV I guess. The food was below average. One of the server didn't inform what we have ordered for pepper chicken and later the person who took the order in the starting came and he was telling that we did not order after 15 minutes of telling the other server. Such a poor coordination and very slow service. Not at all worth the price.
The place is good but not for non drinkers. They are not willing to pay any attention towards non drinkers. Almost all staff members are concentrated at drinkers table only. In short, not a good place for non drinkers.
We found insect in the beer, we informed to the management but the way of their behaviour is worst. This is not good and bad experience in this bar.
Worst quality, we found spider at glass of beer and we informed to them but there was no response from their side. It's very bad experience with this bar
Terrible staff. I don't remember when the last time I saw such horrible and unorganized staff. Most of the staff isn't aware of what order is being placed. They end up getting the stuffs from their which you haven't ordered. We had to wait for over an hour for our main course and then the food was also a big disappointment.
The food was not made well and the service needs a lot of improvement. The pad thai was too sticky and the thai green curry was very watery. They didnot have ice to make drinks and we were kept waiting for a very long time for the bill. The outlet needs better management. Unhappy with my visit here.
We have been to Urban Asia - Kitchen & Bar, Gachibowli. We ordered crisp noodles (shrimps) with sweet and sour sauce which was obviously a wrong choice. Crispy noodles is never a right choice (at least for me) wherever you go and sweet n sour soup with shrimps just made it worse. I am a seafood lover and the quantity and size of shrimps didn't justify its price. Next was Standing Pomfret dish in schezwan sauce...which turned out to be a disappointment. Who prepares pomfret in all-purpose flour? It was not good at all.
If you want to taste really bad sushi, this is the best place in town. But given that my review has to be atleast 140 characters long - I repeat they are the best at serving the worst sushi.
The rating for the food taste is always 4/5 here but when comes to service I can't rate more than 1.5/5, the 0.5 is just for getting bill quickly and may be 1 for getting few dishes immediately. I visited this restaurant for the fifth time expecting to get better food and service than last time, but it is always degrading. We came in to Lunch at around 2:45, the first thing which irritated was they were served me cold starters and I complained then they went and heated it up and served, this was corn cubes, they promised 11 started in the buffet menu and they never bothered to serve all. I had to ask him to check what the menu was and can he serve all of them and still they never served. I think they were supposed to serve soup at table along with starters which they always did before, I went and asked them about it then they said it is available at the buffet section and we can go and get it. I really felt like going to a place where they were serving free food and we had to go and ask for what we wanted. It was absolutely ridiculous experience, they started turning off the lights when we're still eating, I agree we were late but switch off all the lights and we go out in a kind of darkness? It is no more pathetic situation, like they are not bothered about the customers, and we can get in if we want. I was always thinking Urban Asia is a premium place for good food and service, but it proved other wise.
Terrible experience. The place was crowded and noisy. The food had an odd smell to it, it almost tasted like they were using expired ingredients. Wouldn’t recommend to anyone.
Completely disappointed. If people are going for a team lunch or dinner please go for a better place. Service is worst. Until and unless we ask they are not bringing anything. Food is average. Starters are very less. Ambience is just ok. Not recomended.
Food is unnecessarily over priced... We've ordered very simple lunch and it was surprisingly disappointing. Crispy potato in hot garlic here means French fries with a bowl of hot garlic sauce
We had specially requested the waiter to make the paneer dish less spicy .But the dish turned out to be just the opposite .To top this we get a wrong bill to pay :).Mostly our last visit to this restaurant,neither will recommend .
Too costly and food was not up to the cost quantity also very less i will not recommend to go to this place, Crowd will be less and waiting time also little more
Very bad services, I booked table in advance with zomato gold , after taking first order, they did not turned up to table to take main course order or to serve water or to clean up table. One should not come with family here.
It has absolutely nothing for vegetarians. There are a couple of starters, but that is pretty much it. Absolutely no variety either for the main course and even the deserts were disappointing.  All in all a pretty disappointing experience that felt heavy on the pocket. Hope you will start considering vegetarians and their palates too.
The receptionist was very impolite. She started shouting at us when we asked her to call her manager. The most amazing part was when we were told that manager was very busy and cannot come to us. I am not sure what was more important for the manager than customers (the restaurant was definitely not on fire). And funny business model of not catering to a group of 8 when they had 5 tables for four free.
Very very bad experience I had. Too worst serving which I never experienced in my life and they were not respecting customers in a good manner.
Too much of crowd and no one will attend you for quite some time. Worst experience till date. Totally waste of time visiting this place, you ll leave this place in frustration.
Worst service and management! Waiters will not attend you and all you have to do is wait even to get menu card. Manager's behaviour is totally rude.
One of the most irresponsible staff i have ever seem till now. The only nice thing happened that receptionist guide to the table. After that we waited for almost 10 min but no one attended us even we have called couple of attenders. After some time when we spoke to the manager, we were shocked at the rude response which made us to leave the place
This place is not even worth 1 star. Nobody's even attended us for more than 5 min, no courtesy of giving menu card even. When we spoke the same to manager, he himself is rude telling that it will take 5 to 10 min for the waiter's to attend. Rude manager and worst service!! Absolute no, if you are seeking to dine in peace!
Well, it seems that they are juggling all the 3 restaurants the owner own. We were given 3 different menu cards, one for appetisers, one for main course and one for Asian cuisine. The service was too slow. We asked for paneer Kadhai instead they served us with Sauf filled Kadhai of paneer which tasted pathetic. The Zomato gold benefits were denied as the Asian cuisine menu was from the other restaurant of the same owner which was not told to us before we ordered. I missed my outstation bus because of this silly confusion of the management. Overall not a place to go if you want some peace of mind and good food.
We ordered Veg Thai Coconut soup and corn squares which were a highly recommended item on the menu. Both the items turned out to be utterly disappointing. The soup smelled fishy which was not expected in a vegetarian dish. And the corn squares tasted were soggy and oily .. No crunch or crispiness. Nobody bothered to ask us about the food or why we had left the soup.
Been there after seeing the rating. It is an absolute No resturant. The starters came after 30 min n we always need to remind and followup for serving and its not worth for wait as its tasteless. The drink served is like a coughsyrup with a medicinal smell. There is absolutely nothing to dine even at chinese side. Dessert section is something you will not feel to have it. You will immediately goto icecream counter where you will wait for 20-30 min and finally that fellow will state we dont have that flavour and can only give butterscotch. Its not that it got over by the time ur turn came, it was never there and they made u wait n finally forcing u to have wht he prepared than wht u want. Finally you will end up paying such huge bucks for drinking water and go straight to office to do lunch at your own office canteen which will look so beautiful than ever before. If u dont want to have food but soend money then its a worth resturant to visit.
Worst food ever..... Very bad taste, i will give negative rating.. no dishes were properly made.very bad experience. Just name is big but no quality and taste Maintained
Pathetic!!! A group of 20 people from work visited this place, we didn't have great expectations, at the same time we didn't foresee a terrible experience that it eventually would turn out to be. Half of us were seated close to the glass facing the Gachibowli road, thanks to their incredible maintenance, the ac was so poor, we were all sweating profusely. We weren't served starters for atleast 40 minutes. The choice of plates and their maintenance is extremely poor to say the least. The food (starters, main course, desserts) tasted so bad that most of us were content just eating curd and ice cream. We will never be going back to this place.
Service is very slow. We waited for 30 min for the non veg starter and ended up having lots of time soda and left.. the dishes had very least salt. The chat was bitter.
Urban asia and eat india company are in the same premises. Stale food, slow service, oily food. Water dripping from AC vents on tables and food items. Really bad experience.
Average cakes at a very high price. Banana bread was very greasy and too sweet. Staff also not courteous. Will stick with Concú from now on.
Pathetic staff and no courtesy. Gives only big cakes not slices.... Utter stupidy..not warm welcome and even doesn't offer any other options as a token of good customer service or doesn't even offer any other options. This not the way to function as a service industry.
Extremely rude staff at this outlet, Labonel Admin. And of course, the place is over-hyped - I've had some amazing cakes at stores that charge way lesser and have better staff. They honestly don't care about their customers. Do yourself a favour and head out to a much better cake shop (there are plenty, trust me).
Please mention either on the menu card or on any food app that we dont serve single piece of cake, we serve only a whole cake. So that people dont waste their time coming at your outlet
Very poor store management. Ordered for an eggless cake on Friday 05th May 2017 and they confirmed my order. Before the pickup I just called them to check if the cake is ready and they simply say there is no order on my name at all. This is pure irresponsibility on the part of Labonel Gachibowli. Thank you for spoiling my day.
I quit cakes after trying their fruit cake.The kind of cake which will make you think twice before celebrating an occasion.The cake had two ingredients ,cream and sadness.Do yourselves a favour and go to Conçu instead.
I dont know much about gachibowli branch, but banjara hills branch has the worst costumer service that I have ever seen in my life..! Very ill professional employees who cannot guide their costumers properly to their place. They have great quality in what they serve but zero in how they serve. My whole party got ruined because of their so called great service. I have given a bulk order and asked if they have home delivery, ofcourse there was none. I was okay with it and said I will collect it from their store. I almost travelled 20 km from my place to collect my @ order and due to heavy traffic, I reached the place exactly 5 min late from their closing time. I kept giving them information about how far I am and that I would reach them in less time. I requested them to wait for 5 minutes as I was travelling from habsiguda which is atleast 20km away from banjara hills. They answered my call at 9:00 when I was near GVKONE. I said I will come in 5 min they said they will wait. But, by the time I reach their place everything was locked. I called them 100 times and their was no response. What an awful service..! If you have a big party, please don't rely and order anything from this place. Worst experience..!
We went at 6:30 am here because we found that this place is open at this time, but we met with disappointment as there was nothing we could eat or drink as the place was just open and serving almost nothing
Please don’t use penne pasta in your Mac and cheese dish. We ordered cheese toast and brownie as well, but the food was not up to the mark. The ambience was good though.
ordered tea but received milk
The food was not at all good. Though the ambience was very nice and soothing to the eye, the food was just bad. We ordered chili cheese toast, chocochip brownie and chocochip cookies. Except for the cookies, nothing was good. While the brownie tasted like some kind of medicine, the toast was just too hard and very difficult to chew.
its
I ordered the Cafe Frappe. It was super diluted (read 'water' ) and tasteless! Such a disappointment!
Very bad service. Waited for 1 hr 30 min but still order was not delivered. Worst experience with Faasos. No online tracking system. No to fassos ever.
Worst experience with Faasos. They accept orders, take money and then they don't deliver food. It's happening continuously with Faasos managed restaurants. Had a similar experience with their Ovenstory pizza as well. Till now, my money of Ovenstory pizza order is not refunded. I think my money for Faasos order is also gone.
I ordered from faasos last night but I didn't receive my order,when I tried to connect with the restaurant they didn't respond.I tried to connecting with them many times but no one responds and after 2 hrs it shows that order is delivered.even on next day when zomato tried to call them, they didn't respond.its a wosrt service I have ever get.
Very bad experience...i got incorrect order delivered...I ordered for smoked butter chicken combo under royal indian mean which costs ₹290...but i was delivered smoked butter chicken combo under quick meal which costs ₹190...and it was missing paratha and gulab jamun...when I called restaurant they didn’t agree to send me correct order and asked me to contact zomato which I couldn’t get in touch with..finally ended up paying more for what i was delivered... and wouldn’t recommend to anyone based on my experience.
I have ordered mutton rice in faasos the taste quantity quality was super worse.. totally disappointed... 160rs waste and waiting time was also waste
The melt wrap hardly had cheese even though I ordered extra cheese.
I had absolutely no hesitation to say that..this is the worst biryani in d whole universe...i bet u will throw it in dustbin immediately after 1 spoon.....faasos sucks!
Zomato has asked me to be polite.. ok.. Faasos is delightfully bad in its food quality... When you order a pizza roll.. they not only bake it like a pizza but they take it to the next level of master culinary skills... They roast it till the end.. just like how your mumma used to make it.. and best part comes next.. Faasos excels in giving surprises and since they handle their own delivery you can never know when your food is going to arrive... It's too much fun to see that status - "Food is being prepared" , "Your food is in the kitchen".. and they won't update it because the delivery person can come any moment to your doorstep and say Surprise.. In my case they were quick enough to deliver it in only 1 hour 30 minutes... So fast da.. then I remembered food should have been delivered only in 40 minutes... I asked delivery person why so much late da.. He said sir we were cooking your roll property that's why it took time.. open it and try it sir.. you would have never seen such roll.. And he was right.. I never saw the roll only charcoal.. ( attached picture for reference )
I ordered food and they accepted it. Even after 2 hours the food was not delivered. I tried to contact them many times but no one answered. Worst behaviour ever. I had to finally cancel the order by calling the zomato customer care.
One of the worst experience I had with Faasos, I placed an order for Royal chicken Rice , the order got accepted and I waited for 2 hours ,called them , asked zomato support and after make me wait for 2 hours Faasos cancelled my order.
Not the received the food, informed me they cant delivered the food, as they have many orders. Really bad customer service
Canceled my online order after 2 hours of waiting. No decent response from their side. And Zomato as a compensation gave 52 credits for a 2 hour long order wait. 'Sorry is all they can say'
Ordered Jumbo Paneer Tikka Rice Fest. First of all it was nowhere near to being jumbo. Simply a small box and they call it ‘Jumbo’. Probably they have studied English from some remote island. Secondly the rice was so damn spicy that I am facing issues in my stomach after having them. This was my first and last order from Fassos. Will never ever order again from here.
I ordered 2 aloo parathas from Faasos and it was so bad that I had to throw both the boxes away. The parathas were very oily and they smelt sour as if it was spoilt. The taste too was horrible.
How can I say anything good. None of my instructions given were followed. And when tried to contact they don’t reply. Zomato really needs to work with this restaurant and make sure that special instructions are followed
Very bad chicken roll!
Is BOGO offer applied to sell out substandard items in the menu? The food was too salty.
wrost food in my life waste of money
The museli was sour... Pathetic food.
Biryani quantity is so and not at all good it's like average better to make it good
Ordered pizza wrap with offer BOGO. Seemed like they splited one wrap into two. No sauces were added. Never had this bad experience with fasoos before. Surely there quality has degraded. One suggestion for fasoos - if you can not afford to provide offers to your customers, please do not. Stop fooling your customers.
They confirmed and then changed the menu at the last second.
The delivery boy was highly unprofessional
worst
I have ordered tangdi kabab, I think being late nitr order this people have packed mixed chicken pieces, I got 2 tandoori 1 biryani leg pieces and one tangdi piece. I request restaurant plz don't accept orders if you don't have enough food.don't try to fool people.business success depends on trust and quality I think u should understand it.
The food was far more spicy than what was mentioned in the instructions for the restaurant. It was ordered for a person having mouth ulcers and he is on his way to hospital due to restaurant negligence. Worst service by the restaurant.
I had ordered briyani combo in the midnight and it was extremely spicy and had stomach upset entire day.. please do not prefer this restaurant if you are not spice lover
I ordered boneless chicken biryani and food was not at all hot and it smelled like it was cooked long back. Worst experience. Not going to order again from this restaurant.
worst food I ever had
Not so Good....Food is average.....Quality is not so good.......Only packing seems to be good but not the food.....I think its waste of time to visit
very poor taste...never ever should order from this restaurant....waste of money....
don't u understand what I ordered and what u delivered
very less quantity and tastless food
not so tasty nd not fresh
didn't get my order!
worst chicken I have ever tasted, throwed out some of it actually
I have ordered biryani they have given me fried rice
Not yet delivered to me..
waste
less quantity
Worst packing
didn't get me the food I ordered. gave me fried rice for biryani
I didnt find chicken in chicken biryani
i don't understand when has zomato become so stupid to add this worstseller in bestseller.
it's not like what I order
didn't reach expectations.worst taste. thrown into dustbin.
Absolutely pathetic. I placed an order for half kg mocha walnut cake. The order was taken over call and rest of the communication like what message is to be written on cake etc was done on whatsapp. When I called the next day to collect the cake, they could not find my order. I had to call multiple times and finally I was told my order is ready. Upon reaching the outlet, the message was not written on the cake and they hurriedly packed a cake and gave me. When I asked them if this is really mocha walnut, they said yes you can see the walnut on the cake. They even had no idea of how much payment is remaining or how much I have already paid. Upon reaching home when the cake was cut, we realised it is not mocha walnut but butterscotch!! The outlet cheated me and so I called them and blasted over phone. I reached the outlet at 10:30 pm at night and slammed the cake in the store and demanded my money back, I was paid back the amount but the experience was terrible and bitter specially because it was a b'day cake. The store management is pathetic and there is no coordination or even an ounce of professionalism in them. Never ever going back and I strictly recommend anyone to go at their own risk. I will, for sure, completely avoid this place.
Went to this place for lunch. Ordered and paid, waited for 25 minutes and realise that order has not been placed. The place had more people serving than the people eating and yet this happened and everyone was blaming everyone else. There were flies all over the place. Poor show. Had to skip lunch because of their error
Zomato information is wrong, it says the place closes at 11. we reached at 10:30 and the place was closed. The staff was quite uncourteous and turned is it quite impolitely.
Staying in ramky towers we frequent this place quite often. Although little did we know how incredibly disrespectful the staff really is. We found a hair in an ice cube inside the iced tea, when informed the staff on the counter about it , they willingly accepted it without checking. 10 minutes later one of the staff folks comes back saying " are you sure there is a hair ". Only to find out they had removed the ice cube which had the hair. After quite a discussion they brought the executive chef ( who literally just stood there with absolutely no contribution to the discussion) eventually when one of the staff's members (nandu in the photo) asserted that he'll personally pay for it we asked for the owner's contact, who then waived off the bill. All in all sincerely disappointed with the attitude of the staff.
Very pathetic service. 37 mins and still waiting for a cup of coffee. If you are a coffee shop and you can't provide a cup of coffee in 10 mins, you should shut down...
worst horrible
Ordered for egg white omlette but got regular omlette.
the edd didn't have any taste, the croissant was not crispy. instead of packing both in one big box, you can use 2 small ones so that the croissant remains crispy. total waste of money for this order
the the chicken on the sandwich was stale and inedible . highly unprofessional from a restaurant like yours I want my money refunded
stale pizza
I liked the ambience and lighting. However their food quality needs lot of improvement especially sizzlers. They made good lasgna but they had no idea at all about how sizzler is made. Also their services are little slow.
Really don't go with rating. We had here in the evening and trust me food was not at all good and coming to Service, they are damn slow. 90% items in the menu are unavailable. Only available items will be served 40mins later your order. Even people were very few when we visited here. Waste of money and time
Waited for 1:15 for sizzlers and pasta to get served.if you have patience then you can visit..taste of food is ok but at your risk you can visit
The quality of the food is bad. The noodles, starter and the sweet, everything was drenched in heavy oil. The taste itself shows that the oil used is also of low quality. Rather than spending on the packaging of the food, they could have spent some money on providing health food.
worst quality and taste for chat
So was here like 10 mins back, the place is kinda okayish but considering that price range it becomes even more undesirable.. dessert was probably the best part of the whole course.. everything else was mediocre at best. The Atmosphere is lack luster so even that doesn't help.. So yeah not the most exciting places to visit
not good
yuck
Must read - I went to this place with my friends for buffet lunch. We had two options for welcome drink - one is pineapple and other is grape which were not natural fruit juices they tasted as preservatives, then moving on to soup - manchow soup was good, waiter forget to give us the starter. Served us after we reminding him, we liked crispy baby corn among 3 varieties of starters which he took 10 mints to serve for the second serve when only 10% of the place was occupied. When I asked him mayo dip waiter was giving us the left over part of dip on the table beside. When I asked for chilled water they were saying they don't have, later one of my friend asked the same person he gave us chilled water. All the items which were placed at buffet were cold not even Luke warm. Biryani was totally dried out rice was sticking to the vessel had lot more bad experience here on same day
Order items are not delivered completely
Had the worst service of my life. Had to wait for more than 2 hours for the main course. It was later told that there was some problem with the kitchen. They later served food when we were standing outside and waiting for the bill. This could be a one off problem, but I expected better communication from the staff, so that we could have made alternate plans instead of waiting endlessly for 2 hours when they kept telling us that food will come in the next 5-10mins.
Worst experience especially at Gachibowli branch.No proper management. Food was not cooked properly. Food quality was worst and quantity was less and prices were huge.
They charge premium for the food and serve stale food contaminated with stones. Though they didn't charge for the curry, but it's not at all acceptable from such restaurant. Won't recommend at all.
Been to this place had the worst experience found hair in food not once but thrice and got plastic particle in shorba. We’ve complained the management I’m sure food here is cooked with least hygiene and neatness. Try avoiding this place.
This is the worst place in Zomato gold I ever visited,waste of money,service is worst and the service Boys can't even open their mouth properly to talk and very low energy not statisfied...They charged high amount than MRP on water bottle..no intimation before we order...worst worst worst experience....😡😡😡😌😌
What do I say!!..this is the worst place available in Gachibowli.Ordered few starters..the taste was so bad that we ended up not ordering main course.
We went for a team lunch. Worst food ever I had in recent times. Rotten smell in fish n chicken. NEVER EVER VISIT THIS PLACE.I WONDER HOW THIS RESTAURANT GOT THOSE AWARDS
We went to this restaurant for new year lunch and literally one of the worst experience seriously nothing was there in veg staters 3,4 items and in nonvg 3,4 items and desert only ice cream and fruit salad .. and very expressive also ...
Kindly stop listing north indian dishes like chicken chatpata. I haven't tasted any item like this smelling and tasting like only curry leafs. Just put me in a bad mood. Complete waste of money.
Been exploring about restaurants in Gachibowli and found this place. Been to this restaurant ordered chicken drumsticks and spl chicken biryani which tasted really good, finally ended with a good dinner. As the taste was good ordered a non veg combo next day and surprised to see a cockroach in the meal. It was really a bad experience to see a cockroach where the restaurant has taken away all the positive views that I had towards it. Please don’t play with health of customers, it takes time for anybody to order food again if we come across these situations. Please note that Restaurants shouldn’t be the place to hospitalise customers by making them unhealthy. Apologies will not do anything, maintain healthy and hygiene environment. Thank you olive, you lost a customer and I will not visit this place anymore.
Very bad cooking
very bad.nt frsh..
last time you given big box pepper chicken with cost 200 now you have given small one cost of 240 this the way you treat the customers
Value your customer, don’t treat them unwelcomed behaviour. Btw rating is not food.
very bad taste
Waste of ordering food form this restaurant. I ordered tandoori full no quantity no packaging no taste waste of food. Delivery late from restaurant to Zomato delivery boy. Even single star also waste .
Completely worst dinner. the butter Nan the send me is completely worst test and and very thick in size and the Nan is not cook in butter. very disappoint from the food
Please see this bill ,I had orderd 2 nos. of bundi raita, and I get only 1 , when I call zomatto then he say call restaurant, this is u r responsiblity. This is really unfair
Very poor quality of serving dish. Bad taste. Please do not order from this place unless you want to get disappointed by their service and quality
Earlier it was tasty but now it is stale i ordered biryani nd it is like just coloured rice it doesnt tasted like biryani dont waste ur money..restaurant persons will not respond
Ordered chicken tandoori biryani very bad in taste and smells like a hell. Need to improve a lot and check before sending any parcels to customers. Delivery was on time
Received something's
Not at all worth for the money spent
Had ordered Chicken Tandoori and Fish Tikka.. Extremely disappointed with Fish Tikka.. Fish used was stale and tasted worse.. packaging was ridiculous (was charge 20 bucks for packaging though).. never ever would order again from this pathetic place..
Ordered Chicken tikha & chicken tandoori biryani  food very oily also requested for less masala still they did not take note I think restaurant guys are very interested in making money than quality. Delivery was quick and good 5* for zomato delivery.
if u r to order anything from them, just add an extra quantity.....they even serve tandoori chicken which looks like a polio affected chicken has been prepared for the dish...
At first accepted the order, but after waiting for 45mins they have declined the order. Least bothered to respond to the calls. Switched off the mobile. I dont understand why do these restaurants provide their mobile number, if they dont have intention to respond to customers. In case of cancelling the order why should the restaurant accept the order first and y should they regret to decline the order that too after 45 mins.
weast
dirty chicken tikka masala...u cooked sand along with chicken
never eat
I ordered chiken Tikka masala they cheated us adding thanduri chiken with masala and they send to me
food was terrible
Stale food and less quantity
Please never ever think of ordering noodles here. It was too oily and only noodles with paneer. Who puts paneer in Chinese hakka noodles !!! And then adding to the taste, the delivery was very delayed (this is zomato' fault, agreed). Indian food is good which they are good at.
Small restaurant. Restaurant in Underground. Not clear visible from road. Food not Upto mark. Service too slow. Waited 45mints for table order. Counter staff very busy to listening music on headphones. staff can't manage online and local restaurant orders.
Too low quality
 and I got exactly that."
the noodles were half cooked, it was tasteless. Just waste of money.
food was very oily. quantity also very less. there are very big big pieces of onions in the noodles.
Awful food.. no salt no spices.. Shame on a restaurant who has Delhi in it's name.
worst! food i ever had in my life....
all Nana were burnt ..paneer curry was tasteless
paneer lababdar was pathetic
They delivered wrong food to me
Ordered roti, but naan is delivered. There is no paneer in palak paneer. I am not ordering from this again
preparation was not good
Tasteless food with worst ambiance ................................... not at all worth the money ...........................................
food feels like the afternoon prepared and sent on dinner.
Very poor quality food and service. Surprised to find such a restaurant on Zomato. Seemed like they have taken customer satisfaction for granted. Please look into it.
I don't understand why do restaurants like these exist too, when they are not interested in doing business. The service is pathetic and their food is horrible. I definitely feel Zomato should do some quality check before approving restaurants like these.
Even though all the odds of visiting this restaurant is not in favour, I have decided to give this restaurant a try. The food is below average and when told the same thing to the restaurant owner "AMIT". He gave some really irresponsible answer and asked us to leave if we didn't like the food. This is a very bitter experience that I have faced for the first time. And I leave the option of visiting this restaurant to u.
no order was delivered...your person fooling you....he told me to cancel order...looks some fraud ...pl check or I will report to CEO..
very bad quality of food. the nans and rotis were like papad and the curry was also not good.
Very worst place. Had a bad experience. Place is filled with mosquitoes and food also very very average. Better to avoid this place if you are going out with family or friends
wrong order
the rotis where very stuff and non edible
food was not good as before. Salt was less in each item.
very bad food
wrong items delivered. can't call back delivery guy. got a call from restaurant and asked not to open delivery guy will contact you but never heard back
Pathetic services always not on time ordered food twice in 3 days both time got delayed for more than 40 min. , moreover the guys on the chat says we will deliver next time firmly take it as an exception case . DONT FOLLOW ANY RULES THEY DELIVER WHEN THEY WANT AND IF ASKED FOR THE REASON /COMPENSATION A BIG ?? MARK . DONT EVER USE BETTER GO FOR FOODPANDA / SWIGGY
Mutton biriyani pieces were rotten. Don't know how old the meat was. And the ambience and cleanliness were disgusting. Save yourself don't try this hotel.
Chicken peaces in Egg biryani. No response from restauraunt end. Taste also very bad. Improve your service dont repeat this other customers.
The chicken pieces in Boneless chicken biryani are like stones and the dish spoiled our hunger. Very disappointed with the first order from here.
Writing this review with stinky hands, Ambience an Hospitality are very poor. Food is delicious but you have wait till your patience expires and you finish the food in 5 minutes and have wait for 30 Mins. Went there in peek time
Not good at all. Tonight I went there. Ac section has different charges. I tried alsaba special Currie's also grill chicken neither of the dish was good. Only biryani is considerable.
Worst biriyani it was got cockroach in water jug and no courtesy or respect to customer only starter is ok it was good once few months back.
The food is ok. Could be better. But coming to customer service, I rate negative. The cashier’s behaviour is utterly distasteful. Constantly talking over phone without giving a rats ass to the customer. Behaviour of the restaurant managers doesn’t make the place seem safe especially when you’re with a lady. Very uncomfortable feel. Avoid it.
Waiters are very Rude and charge extra always check menu card before giving money to Waiters and No cleaness . Management should be strict with the waiters.
I didn't received any order
Avoid this place for your lifetime if you want to stay healthy..!!! We have ordered Mutton Biryani and it had dead flies in it.. We thought it fell into the Biryani bowl while adding rice into it., but when my husband thoroughly checked the whole biryani we could easily see 3 within 3 minutes. We have complained about it to the waiter and waited for 15 minutes hoping someone will come and explain what went wrong.
we didn't receive what we ordered.
not good
bad quality and order came late
worst food
very worst
the delivery executive's behavior was very very bad. don't ever send a person like this again. more than that he delayed my order also
Grilled chicken Price doesn’t match with the taste...chicken biryani’s price doesn’t match with the chicken quantity ..
dint like it...only the skin looked cooked..rest of the meat smells raw chicken
we have ordered family pack. but we have received single pack. it took 2hrs to get our order
not good
d
Meat in the burger was little uncooked and hard to chew
The paneer sandwich I ordered was not even grilled properly, the filling was just too bland.
I ordered parcel , instead on three layer cheese, they put only one piece cheese in burger- this happened twice with me... cheating with Customer who order online. Not happy :(
Pathetic experience! From packaging to the product itself, it failed to appeal to my hungry stomach. I gave up all my hopes when I received the burger like this. The experience of eating the burger itself was no surprise. I will not order from this restaurant ever again.
Bad food so high priced and not a good packaging and flavorless.
Delivery boy hasn't reached yet. Told me to come downstairs(where I live) before even reaching. Now he's giving excuse that he'll be late by 10min. DISGUSTING
It was bad burger !
worst..never trust ratings
the bun is not fresh.. the burger was moist and wet
Useless.. They serve alakarte items as "prasadam" and empty customer pockets. It's not worthy. Quality and quantity is poor. Once you visit then you will never visit there in your life time. I dont recommend other customers to go here. Jaagao grhak jaago..
This restaurant never fails to dissapoint me. This time Ordered chicken biriyani from Zomato and this is what I got just bones and fragments . Upon complaining to the restaurant manager made fun of me saying I am trying to con him as I might have already finished the chicken or hidden it and now trying to get more for free. Asked me to complain in Zomato and that's exactly what I am doing.
Went for lunch on that day . I order veg biryani but found insect in it . Worst service . It was totally bad experience . Ambience is not good
I was looking forward to have good time & enjoy some good tandoori food. I liked this place with my previous experience have been very good.So was looking forward for the same. Reached this place, got a seat which had full of mosquitoes.I can't argue much of it as it was a open space, but they dint attempt to place a mosquito coil. The service guy was least attentive. We needed to search him to place the order .So ordered tandoori chicken boneless, harabara kebab n veg pulav.The very first bite but tears in my eyes as it was very very very spicy & harabara kabab's spice level so beyond my imagination.We just couldn't eat it. We asked them no make the pulav least spicy. But this one was like a bomb. We all went to have a good time but dint get anything of this sort. Will never try this place again. Spice lovers, I guess this place is for you.
Very very very very disappointed. We ordered kadai paneer, its a disaster . Instead they gave us tomato curry with few paneer pieces in it. Please DONT order food from this place. Mutton Biryani is a big flop.
Worst mutton biryani(uncooked n without) I ever tasted and restaurant should feel shame to serve spoiled kheema pulau. I recommend don't go to this place at all
Worst and worst biryani everrrrrr ..... Don't order and you will get food poison. Don't ever order Worst and worst biryani everrrrrr ..... Don't order and you will get food poison. Don't ever order Worst and worst biryani everrrrrr ..... Don't order and you will get food poison. Don't ever order
The Hotel is Full cheating we are very much disappointed . It is Not worth going . Buffet is Full cheating we are fed up  . The varities are less and The Buffet is Like alakarta . Food is also so so
Ordered chicken biryani from this place...worst biryani I ever tasted in my life. I never expected such tasteless biryani from a place like this in Hyderabad. If you are looking for good food, you must avoid this place.
One word YUKk !!! Uncooked, smelly grilled prawns , tasteless chicken biriyani ( both kunda & dum) served by dumbest waiter B NARASIMHA . When reported the quality gave irresponsible responses that he only serves and doesn’t bother about anything else.
It used to be good, since last few months food quality and quantity changed. They will serve any grass in the name of palak.. not suggestable at all..
recently had chicken biryani.and natukodi vepud .... It's horrible experience.... Food was ok ok ...m but coming to hygiene level it was totally disappointed .... Table was not at clear asked the two times for clean plate ........
star is only for ambience and average food . here they also serve food which is cooked one day before. I got served raw biryani and kababs .. food is not fresh
Horrible service , Tasteless food, poor service, worst ambience ,Too costly,Will never visit again to this restaurant.Veg and Non-veg food both are worst
Very bad restaurant. Wast of money and worst quality of food especially Birney and starters its better to go to buffet abs with that money. Worst quality of food
Ordered because I wanted to eat momos so much and DLF area is popular for street food but I am Disappointed! The momos were undercooked and dry. Had ordered two veg steamed momos and I felt sad because it neither fulfilled my cravings nor it filled my tummy. The closings were hard and uneatable.
Misleading outlet for vegetarians. Owner lied when asked about maintaining separate utensils for veg and nonveg. Never visit if you are a strict vegetarian.
5 Tiny Veg Momos is what you get for Rs.75. Hyderabad is paradise for food lover but this place is a blot on hyderabad. Added a pic. This is what you get in Momos. Please avoid
I didn't got the order and I kept calling the delivery guy and he was not receiving my call. I don't know what is wrong with the delivery boy literally pathetic service
found died mosquito in food..yaak such worst taste
the momo was smelling and tasting really bad.. like rotten meat.. I ordered from here regularly but this was the worst experience.. I had to throw all the momos away.. Zomato needs to have some quality check for the restaurant they include.. also please don't share my number with the owner.. I don't want to be contacted
didn't find any taste in chicken momos, the veg momos were horrible.. stuff inside the momos were not boiled properly...will never order from them again
cold
Half cooked
poor serVice bo chutneys added
not good
quantity is very low
Went there for morning breakfast but what a disappointment, everything out of stock no nachos,no stock for their signature chocolate pizzas. I seriously wonder was it a way denying customer for using zomato gold privileges or what. Cz first i placed the order the waiter said it will take 15 mins but when i showed him gold unlock he simply said its out of stock. What a shame!!
It was such an disappointment. Agent Mannan was so rude to me. Also, I ordered 3 kits of from Chocolate room; although I received only one. I would say it was a worst experience. I felt so ignored.
Really disappointed after receiving my cappuccino , I had ordered through zomato app only and they delivered the coffee in a disposable juice glass covered with foil. Worst experience of online ordering! Never order online anything from here
The place lost its charm and service. Things like drinking glass with bottle of water that too 1 glass in the whole restaurant . Serving plate with food is something you have to ask for. Tissue paper on table is missing again ask for it. In all my last visit as everything have shelve life .. RIP Chocolate room 🙏
This outlet is the worst i have ever seen . There were cockroaches on table , food quality was bad and no one to take order on time. Please go to some other outlet don't ever try this outlet
Bounty milk shake: -1/5We ordered a Bounty milk shake and that was the pathetic so called "SHAKE" I ever had in my Life so Far. And the price was Rs 189 which was not even worth if given for free. A normal tea from office pantry tastes far better than this drink. I dont have an option for giving a NEGATIVE Rating, hence forced to give a "1", when its not even worth to have a rating. We were so hungry and planned to have some food, but we were so tired with the shake given and we packed up without even finishing half glass of the drink. I will never prefer this to anyone even the restaurant offer for a free treat.
Have been a fan of chocolate room since years and this ones really disappointed me . A worst experience an awfull taste and they call walnuts as almond
THE WORST EVER PANCAKES! I’m not even kidding. It’s a total waste of money! And they delivered something way different than what was mentioned in the menu! Hope they improve 🙄
Food was cold.
Have been delivered a very bad version of this cult favourite dish of chocolate room. Didn't give ice cream instead it was clearly whipped cream.
Ordered toblerone and kit kat milk shake from this place...both looks same and tastes also same...its like boost and bornvita milk without any cream or any icecream...both are mixed with more water and less milk and chocolate syrups...spoiled our taste buds by ordering from this place...waste of money never order again
taste not good
I got food that was completely different from my order.
Low quality
The so called cheese dip tasted like peanut chutney... Had a good experience with this place before... but previous delivery was disappointing.
Not as regular, No choco Sticks are there, not satisfied, Lose of money
no that tasty it's like 20 rs chocolate shake!
Very bad not worth the prices at all
I didn't like it
this is not the one we expect and this is not the brownie shake which doesnt had any flavor of brownie## worst shake## it has only milk and sugar that's it## loss of time and waste of money##
I ordered cappuccino and got black coffee, read orders correctly first....
Mocachino was not hot
I'm not satisfied with this order,waffle wonder is the worst one I've ever seen .I don't know how it is served to customer can you plz close ur shop ,so that people will alive. I don't know what to say, direct I was thrown in dustbin u know.
late delivery. plastic found in food. Bad service.
Out of hunger and trust on the restaurant I ordered a chicken burger from American wild wings, Gachibowli hoping it would be tasty and healthy but the kind of service i recieved was really pathetic. At first the restaurant took almost 40 mins to prepare just a small chicken burger, i tried calling restaurant about the update and they weren't even responsive, didn't answer any of my call. I kept my patience and waited for the order to arrive. aftr receiving the order what i saw was really a bad experience. The french fries that I used to get always were replaced by some oily, smelly, rotten potato pakodis. Not just that I hoped my burger to be nice but it was again a big disappointment. The very first bite of it tasted really bad. Chicken seemed fried to be in very bad oil and smelled filthy. I had to throw it after my first three bites. And then after sometime i even started Having pain in my stomach . This particular experience of mine was very disappointing with american wild wings. I didn't think of myself to waste money, wait for an hour and still get suffer after Eating that food
I ordered French Fries🍟. Instead I received Aloo Bhartaa!! Literally poor packaging quality. All went to the 🗑. 😓 please improve your quality. I wish I knew I would get such soggy not even 1% fried fries.
Terrible wings. Not sure if this was just a one off or not but it was inedibly spicy. Good fries tho. Choice for sauces would probably be mich more helpful.
I ordered bean wings but all I received was disappointment and bad taste undercooked wings. The popcorns were like nuggets but decent. Each wing tasted different and bad.
The wings were very bad in taste and please rather than packing the cold drinks its better to give Cans. The cold drink was not packed well and all the drink fell down. Fries were not well packed. Hope you guys look into the matters soon
They served me burnt food and topped with sauce ! It was all smelling burned and the decorated it and served .. crazy ppl and on complaining zomato says they need to investigate .. woah I would never order from this place and still there’s no action taken on it !
Pathetic service . Food arrived in 2 hours cold and no apology from the restaurant . Very bad customer care service from zomato and dominoes.
Worst experience at dominos. No air conditioner at the store is working (out of 5). It was too hot. No one cared about it. It took too long to get the tables cleaned.
I ordered pizza with extra cheese but there is no extra cheese in it. I cant imagine dominos can do such a pathetic job. I am totally dissatisfied
Very worst taste I have ever had in my life. Even compared to others like KS Bakers, Karachi bakery Pizza are better than this. Don't want to refer.
I ordered 2 pizza from here via zomato. First of all i got my order after 1 and half hour and worst thing is i got the pizza which i haven’t ordered. It was not expected from the dominos.🙁
It is waste to order pizza from this restaurant. I forgot that I have preferred a cheese burst pizza. There is no cheese in pizza and moreover the diameter of uttappam is far better than this pizza. I will never prefer this
I am still waiting for the pizza
The pizzas were delivered to me after 2 hours of placing the order and they were cold. Inspite of raising a complain 3-4 times, I did not receive any customer support and wasn't even contacted by their supervisor. Needless to say, I wasn't even reimbursed for the late delivery and cold pizzas.
I had been waiting 1 hour 26 min to receive my order and I didn't get any information from Zomato as well as Dominos, the contact numbers that mentioned in the message didn't work at all. Finally I got a call from delivery guy after 1 hour and he said will be there in 3 min. But still waited 26 min infront of my gate to see the delivery guy. The worst thing was I couldn't eat that pizza since it was harder than the packing box
In short it was pathetic. They will mark the order as delivered from there side only . Though it will never get delivered to you. Not the first time and there contact is always find not reachable and it seems they have open an outlet under water or inside an elevator.
are we fool here to order cheese burst? when we can eat a simple base pizza. always disappointed with the cheese quantity
It was cold an tasted bàd.... what do you do for that....
i m not getting from which outlet i need to book order for gachibowli address
Ratings aside....a guy calls from ur outlet after ordering through Zomato, he tells me it cannot be delivered to ur address. He then tells it will take an hour if I want it .Càn u do something about this.
1 1 pizza was bad an tasteless...it was cold
Really you guys have put me a loss in ordering this yaar...I got a cool n bad quality of pizza...shit
how can they accept order if they won't deliver to particular place
Pizza is not cooked properly. Worst pizza I ever had. Not expected from Dominos. Can I replace???
too late
Delivered late and cold
My order was delayed and not even delivered I went to dominos to collect it , this was pathetic experience for the first time with dominos ,
still not received the order, it's been 1 hour and 20mins.
The non veg pizzas are really bad
2vegs instead of 2veg 2 nonveg
Whom was the order delivered to? The address is wrong ..?? I informed for a refund..
the food was delivered late and the taste was very worst
the pizza was cold
Fully disappointed.....i had ordered a double cheese margherita but for god sake i didnt find a single bit of cheese also in that valuable pizza...y they have been called it as double cheese margherita then without cheese...they r giving offers to cheat people like this...no more orders n zomato r dominos hereafter..good bye
oooooooooooooo very worst.....
Delivery boy is too worst... He took time and he don't know how to tlk with customer... Too worst..
I didn't receive my order yet.
Non veg pizza served in place of veg order
worst pizza I have ever had.
late delivery cold food
 Even ZOMATO people unable to help out. 🖕🖕🖕"
(Strong recommendation- never ever order from here) - It was the worst experience I had attempted by ordering from here. I order special chicken shwarma. The chicken was spoiled and smelling badly, and by having one bite I thrown to garbage bin.
Plz dont buy this shawarma very cheap quality of food items they used and not fresh. If ther is negative maarking i will give them -10000. And very cheap paking
 I wouldn't eat here. Save your money and skip this place!"
horrible, I ordered 1 special and 2 regular shawarma. we got 3 regular shawarma. Pathetic experience. I'm satisfied with the person who delivered, please let him have the credit for the delivery
I ordered 2 shawarmas. But the Food was spoiled. They gave old stock. It was very hard. The Rumali rotti was sticky. My Stomach felt uncomfortable. I Vomitted. I don't trust this shop anymore. They are cheating the customers. Why do we pay money? Is this how they gibe offers and all? Online buyers are not dumbyards.
worst shawarma ever.. ordered three times from here and every single time i got yukkiest shawarma ever.. no mayonnaise, chicken smelling like hell and uncooked rumali roti.. never going to eat at this place..
Please don't order from this outlet. They are delivering late and the taste is not at all good.i just ordered one chicken shawarma. They delivered it late and the food is spoiled. Less chicken more creames and salad. not even worth of rs10
They have mentioned as special chicken shawarma but nothing special in it and surprisingly no chicken in chicken shawarma. Quantity is also very less, Don't prefer this place for chicken shawarma. It's waste of money to order from this place
Very poor quality food. Avoid this restaurant to save your money. Ordered Special Chicken Shawarma and something arrived like a wrap/sandwitch which was even sour in taste i.e. it was stored/rotten.
Please be advised of the tasteless crap load sold as shawarma. Filled with vegetable and nothing but tons of vegetables to make sure you won't complain. Perfect for one on diet or a vegetarian as they don't use much chicken. Its just roti filled with cucumber and tomato. kudos to the chef.
Sorry to say but got rotten tomato and cucumber in salad with rotten chicken. Was smelling very bad. Could not eat it. Waste of money and time.
IN THE PREVIOUS ORDER chicken shawarma was good BUT NOW ITS HORRIBLE MIXUP .........IT WAS COMING BAD SMELL AND CHIEKCN IS GETTING VERY WORST
No chicken in shawarma only cabbage and tomato.....waste of money...worst shawarma#.....before one month shawarma is good now a days waste shawarma
no chicken in chicken shawarma. total waste of money. worthless!!
This place serves you one of the worst shawarma in Hyderabad.. neither the chicken is properly roasted nor the roti is properly made.. one of the worst I have had..
I saw a rat roaming around in the outlet. I pointed this out to owner and he gave an unaffected expression. Avoid ordering food from this outlet.
I just Ordered a Chicken Shawerma , is this what you people call a shawerma!!! it was VEG OR NON VEG do you atleast know it it was full of CABBAGE and nothing else!!!!!!!!! the most HORRIBLE  shawerma i ever had!!! i jst THREW THEM IN GARBAGE!!!!! Simply its the WORST sharwarma i have ever ate!!!! do you thik it was a EATABLE !!! , paid full payment but I am not satisified with the shawarma.., IT WAS A COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY!!!!! FRUST N never going to be order anything from UR'S (Mohammedia Shawarma) !!!!!! , So please waste Our money and Time !!!!! * 1 Rating is also Waste for it!!!
The quantity has been decreased very much. We ordered shawarma with extra mayyonise bowl but was not delivered and amount was paid. How to react on this ? This was not expected from mohammedia shawarma. We were not at all happy with this.
Worst shawarma it’s totally waste of money .i have never eaten such a worst shawarma and these people are totally fraud.I dont know how these people call this as shawarma.the worst thing i have ever aten
Less meat provided.
shawarma was very cold, couldn't even eat
dint get correct order
the shawarmas were bad we have had food poisoning got admitted too please don't have from this restaurant
full money taken but incomplete order...folld is stale cold and half is missing...not acceptable...this is for 2nd time similar experience with zomato
it is cold
horrible shawarma
warest food I get I need a refund I can show u pic also of ur food it is shit
not delivered
What to say...one of the worst restaurant in town. Real slow service. No management. No proper place to sit. Worst of all poor customer service. I was a regular visitor bt now the treatment I got makes me not to go again. I also had a corporate party scheduled yesterday trusting there service. But after taking money they didn't provide a table. My team stood there for almost 50mins. Later we were forced to walk out. They did refund the money bt had to go through alot before getting it back. Guys there are lot of good places for watching IPL. This is a shit place...u will end up destroying ur day. Pls refrain from going to this place.
One of the worst experience I had. Staff is not trained well and manager on-site is not at all worried for customer experience. Even though I booked a table, I was not provided one. Service guys are not bothered to ask if customer needs anything even if restaurant was not full. one of my ordered food was not even provided and what was provided that was stale and when asked manager was very rude with his replies. I left the restaurant in the middle as except bira beer everything was pathetic even in last Management guy declined to provide me the bill and was VERY VERY rude, waited for around 15 minutes after paying the amount just to get the bill. Avishek and ajit were the two guys handling the overall management the day I went. hope you guys have improved now and not giving same experience to others.
Food is not at all good, and the staff is not professional, parking floors are worst.they are not maintaining up-to the mark.bettrr to avoid the radiason
Came here for some late night dinner and my experience can be termed "Pathetic" to say the least. They do not believe in serving a glass of water unless specifically asked for after 20 minutes of being there. The smell of the cleaning liquid was so strong that i lost my appetite and to top it gave me a splitting headache. Although they claim it to be open 24 hours, they apparently start cleaning up the place around midnight. Customers be damned! I asked them to pack up the food because there was no way i was going to eat from there bearing the mind numbing smell. After the food parcel was given, they wouldn't give me the cheque unless of course, again specifically asked for. The kind of experience you would expect from a place that serves biryani for Rs 50 and not Rs 800!! Endured the 40 minutes of torture, grabbed the take-away and left.
Food and Managment sucks and this place . There is no kids activity as said .The manager is behaving like a regular tiffin center person .Wrong dish names are placed on many items . I don't suggest at all . They charged 2199 plus taxes but on zomato it shows less and different. When we asked abt it they gave all bullshit answers .
Very very disappointed. Had been there for a Sunday brunch and experienced a worst and slow service. The food is below average. Nothing organised and well maintained. The managers are the worst in Collage restaurant, very unmannered and impolite. Many of the dishes nameplates are mismatched. The brunch prices don’t match the Zomato prices.
The Lunch served at Collage was way below our expectations.  Cold and lousy tasting food - only 2 varieties of items in the main course.  The soup served was cold.  They had only 2 main course items in veg and non-veg.  Not many varieties of Starters (only 2 Veg starters).  Desserts were minimum.   Ice cream varieties were only 2 (strawberry and chocolate flavors) When we asked for spoons for desserts, the waiters were looking at each other as if they don't know where the spoons are.  Service was poor.
My worst dinner experience ever.. The buffet’s spread is the smallest you will find any where.. only 2 starters. Biriyani was horrible. Steamed rice was half cooked. The limited options of curry were also unpalatable. My friends had chicken and even that was half cooked. My money wasted. Would never think of going there EVER.
Food was alright a good 8/10, but, there was almost zero attention given to us in terms of service., and we had to wait a good 10 minutes even before we were given the Menu. And, this was at a time, when the only table occupied inside the restaurant was us. Outside, there were probably 2 tables occupied. Surprising that they couldn't manage 3 tables. Maybe this is a harsh review and there was an event happening at the hotel and they were understaffed., but, for a hotel chain like Hyatt, not acceptable.
Not so friendly staff. Very less items in buffet. Difficult to find a food of your choice in the buffet. It's little unorganized. The waiter says I ll find out whatever you ask but he never turns back.
Visited this place yesterday after going through some of the very good reviews and I must say it's the worst experience for us, we ordered pizza and it smelled very bad . Secondly we ordered Caesar salad and chicken was rubbery and we ended up eating only salad then we ordered club sandwich and spaghetti pasta , club sandwich was OK but again spaghetti was tasteless and bland and had to leave whole dish. Didn't expected such a bad quality food from brand like Hyatt and they ended up spoiling our evening .
Below expectations experience for us at Sunday brunch last weekend. Service was extremely slow. The pizza arrived after 3-4 reminders. Food was very average - not appetising enough to suffer the super slow service. All in all, a very disappointing experience at Hyatt.
Went for a lunch buffet. The best item i had from their spread is cut watermelon. Is this real Hyatt or fake? More than half of the items were served cold. Every crispy item was soggy as if it was out in open for 2-3 days. I want to rate this place with no stars. I will advise everyone in my circle against visiting here for lunch !! Choose any other place.
Terrible food, deeply dissatisfied, ramen is just fancy looking maggi(literally) which is totally off. No sticky rice, or special authentic sauces. Very sad to see such low standards of food, NOWHERE NEAR AUTHENTIC PAN ASIAN FOOD.
Service was too slow due to lack of staff. AC was not on hence we were sweating inside as it was conjusted. Had high hopes of having our fav dishes i.e chicken momo & Dotsol bibimbap but none was available and the items which we ordered were undercooked i.e lemongrass chicken & Garlic Prawn
Had been there today with the reviews seen here. Food was below average. We ordered lemon grass chicken , 2 pork dishes, Naga chicken curry, butter garlic prawns, chicken raymun noodles. Out of all this lemon grass chicken n pork never came to our table. Staff are very very slow very dumb very very poor service. Forgot half of the items even after writing down. Guys just be prepared each dish takes a minimum of 30mins for it to arrive at your table. Never going here again.
Very late order..he forgot half of the food that I ordered..had to keep reminding...the staffs are not friendly at all.they don't even talk to you straight face,not polite, do not visit
I would give a negative star if possible for their hygiene and service. We ordered our food at 9:30PM and after an hour's wait they come and say that what we ordered from the menu isn't available. We had to order something else and wait for another 30mins and then to my surprise I found HAIR in the food! So in short it a was a terrible experience.
Had a lot of expectations after checking out the positive reviews for Zing's. There was some weird smell when we entered the outlet which was a bummer. We asked for momos which were not available. So we got lemongrass chicken and the portion size was very disappointing and shocking. Drums of heaven was another appetizer that we ordered which was below Average. We then ordered Ramyuen noodles which was tasting and looking very similar to maggi. We also got ohm fried rice which was very bland and tomato ketchup was used for presentation. The waiter who took our order looked disinterested. So, I really don't understand what the hype is about. Thumbs down 👎
Bad experience when ordered food from here. Prices looked very reasonable while ordering, and literally the quantity was very less. They should be mentioning that if we are ordering Prawns for starters they are giving exactly 6 pieces of them. Very disappointed with that even though the taste is good.
very low quantity for the price
Sad experience at Zing's after hearing so raving reviews about this place. Folks at the restaurant were least bothered in taking our order right since we sat down on an empty table. Half of the food items on the menu weren't available, maybe they need to shorten the menu just to include items that are available round the clock. We had ordered pork with bamboo shoot, which I have had quite a lot of time at my hometown (Siliguri), unfortunately, this wasn't nearly as good as I had before. Although I won't judge the restaurant based on just this item, as chances are it was a one off case. But the service and staff attitude was a real put off. I had very high hopes, but was completely let down. Something seemed to be very off, as a restaurant having 4.6 rating usually won't come across this way. Either my bad day, or the chef's.
I have eaten at this place a couple of times before and the donuts were decent. But today, we picked a few donuts to take home and when we tasted them, they felt so stale and tasteless, as if they have been made at least 3 days ago. This was definitely not expected from them
The donuts were not fresh, it was pathetic in taste, worst donuts ever eaten. I ordered three donuts in which two was completely uneatable and the third one was also stale and had a bad smell(The smell was like a chemical added)
Bad service.. staff doesn't know english doesn't know about their work.. donuts are bad... Place is also not clean.. I wish Hyderabad opens M.O.D. soon... Not recommended at all...
I ordered 3 donuts online and all of them were hard and not fresh. And not edible to eat at all. I have no option but to throw them in the dust bin. Very very disappointed.
Had ordered a pack of 6 donuts(mango craze, very very strawberry,Boston creme, eclairs*2 and a rainbow pop). All I got were chocolate donuts!! Never ordering from here again!
Very disappointed with this outlet. Ordered four donuts, all four were not at all fresh. The crust had solidified and donut bun lacking any moisture. I am not ordering from here ever again.
No burgers! Oven is broken, no AC. Why are you open? We usually get takeaway burgers, and this is unbelievable. Very Poor management. I wish they will improve there service because the location is excellent.
I made online order for "Pack of 6 All time favorite" donuts. The donuts were not fresh. Waste of money! What is the point in having fancy packaging with bad quality food.
As soon as I opened the box I was so excited to eat them, the presentation was wonderful but when I had a bite the doughnut was not fresh at all, same with every doughnut in the box, dissappointed such a waste of precious money on not at all fresh food 👎
You should close the store. I had worst experience, I was served a stinking Chicken burger and had to return the same. Even though they served a new one it was still having the foul smell. The food served is stale here.
Total wastage of money. It just bread and creamy flavour on top of it. It's not even a bagel. What I got was plain bread with creamy flavoured on it. This is the first and last I'm ordering from here
 came out sat outside in clean place and ate it .. 😒"
The food's horrible.  The service is slow and impolite.  The potato wedges are stale and almost uncooked.  The chicken burger smelled awful. I expected better service from Dunkin' Donuts.
Awful burger!
worst food ever I had
delivery service is at its worst., food is 👌
pathetic! don't order through them! neither do they have the decency of answering calls and informing nor do they have people to deliver! disappointing!
after reading reviews, i was having high expectations from this place, so i ordered litthi choka. if you are a big big fan of soyabean then only you'll be able to eat food otherwise they put lot of soyabean oil in everything which make food taste so bad.
This is the quantity of chicken garlic fried rice.... Everything we ordered is of so less quantity.... Terrible I hate to spend 800 and still be hungry... Total embezzel
Not good and my experience is not at all good . The litti chokha is very hyped here but I do not feel the same it was below par . The other food experience is also not good
extremely pathetic and third class service. no cleanliness. ordere simple noodle, after waiting one hour waiter comes and tell he forgot. will never ever go again and recommend not to go. this place should be closed.
1
Worst noodles i hav ever had.
the food was horrible i have ordered chicken wings chilly and the food that i recieved was totally burnt..the worst food that i have seen in my life.
deluvery pwrson hv no idea about route..
cheating at midnight...this will not be tolerated in India...this has violated my right to food ....the sample size was too small...seemed like more of chicken lollypop
less quantity
horrible experience...
The thali I ordered is incomplete
No taste waste of money
food ganda. alo gobi ganda.batter nanna say not apply batter.onion ganda.
Biryani was not at all good, worst experience with biryani in Hyderabad
not good
I got very sick after having this food
packing/serving/presentation was not good. it could have been done in a better way in order to maintain the food authenticity, presentation and the taste. i have ordered chur chur naan combo and it was like as if i am eating some "aalloo halwa" and portion of daal and raita you serve is very less for that naan.
Ordered Dal Makhni with Rice but Dal Makhni with Roti.
very bad item
received incomplete order
Aloo curry was old and smelly.
portion size is very less! and the taste? don't even ask! totally a waste of money!
less choka provided
no taste
2 times item missing
worst chicken lollipop😡😡😡
...
, forest food
delivery boy was rude and talked rubbish things . also zomato representative confirm that it will get credited to zomato wallet but still it has not happened
I have ordered Paya shobha soup the worst ever that i have ever eaten they have added some veg soup and added some pieces of mutton do you ever think this is paya soup anfI doubt they have got the order from some other place
been there. Seating was good but food wise - Ordered Paya Shorba. It was too oily. Food made me unwell. Got rashes all over the body. Very bad experience.
The worest haleem I have never tasted it's been like chewing just half cooked meat with no ingredients there is no flavor of eating haleem...... this was my bad experience of eating haleem in 2k19
I ordered food from this restaurant. The zomato valvet cancelled my order without notifying me. I didnot got my refund as well as food. My money got wasted and i starved for so long. Very poor service i must say. And most important thing, money is hard earned and if we are spending on something we ll definitely need it. But my money got wasted.
They sent mini biryani instead of full biryani and also it was very cold and melted . And price was 250 . Very unhappy with the restaurant...
Biryani tastes stale.Highly unethical service. They will charge you 40rs for a 20rs coke(250 ml). Never ever go or order anything from these cheaters. And even after calling the restaurant multiple times they won't pick up the call rather they will disconnect it.
I have ordered paneer pasanda yesterday night and received totally burnt paneer and uncooked gravy with a ton of turmeric..which was smelling disgusting..I couldn't even took a bite.worst food I have every received.
I ordered veg dum biryani through zomato and i got just coloured basmati rice without vegetables, one packet gravy and water curd. There is nothing other than colour basmati rice, there is no spices also. never order online from here and I don't know about dinein
I have ordered chicken biryani Worst taste and the chicken was not fresh dont waste ur money. I had a bad experience i would never recommend anyone this restaurant
What a bad food serving this restaurant for high price. I ordered today and found food was awful. Before going hear be careful about your health. What I received from this restaurant cold nans uncooked rice, overcooked paneer. From my end zero star. Sach a awful food.
We have gone for veg buffet and the starters were not sufficient for even 4 or 5 people. No starters were served even after an hour. Taste wasnt good at all of any item. Not worth any penny.
Food doesn't taste good , zomato delivers spoiled food and they take days long to resolve it . agent has to be assigned he has to take over the issue and then escalate all shit process goes on.,......
Would not like to even give 1* as Service was pathetic. Staff was appearing to be busy and had no courtesy to attend our table in the centre of the restaurant. Starters were served after main dish though they were ordered much before. One of the staff half served a dish to a couple of guests on our table and hopped to other table without finishing her task without any apology. We had to keep on asking for a dish (Sushi) which was ordered 90 mins. before it was served. Noisy place...
I wish i could have given you a 0 rating. The wheat used to made the pranthas did not seem fresh, also the green chutney was stinking.. The paranthas are too dry to be eaten alone. Except packaging, nothing went well.
not cooked properly, no paneer in paratha
I have ordered chicken shawarma paratha, which was smelling worst and tasting bitter. Money and hunger both went in vain. Never order food from this place.
My whole order was wrong. Moreover I received burnt parathas in the order. Zomato refused to issue refund for my order. This is really inconvenient and disappointing.
Food used to be good. But live cockroach came out of the food for the second time! Just apologies from customer service representative is not the enough. Quality control has to be talen seriously. Till then, no Triptify. Adios
I have ordered two parathas. Paneer paratha was fine but gobi Paratha was over roasted and not edible at all. Attached pic of over roasted paratha. I think rastaurant should take care of this during cooking.
worste quality. got hair on the food.
I found dead cockroach in food. It ruined everything. Hygiene needs to be improved a lot. Cant guarantee about food quality. Sometimes food is extra salty.
Food is too oily and chutney is too salty.paneer is not cooked well..raw smell of ginger garlic in paneer parata..parata is too dense.need to improve the quality of food
The food was not at all good, I have ordered chicken keema paratha and the chicken was not fresh it was smelling like any thing bad experience with the restaurant
Taste is good my friend orders regularly on Zomato ... I went to DLF outlet for takeaway... N saw rats n cockroaches in kitchen... Not recommended
Aloo paratha was stale, restaurant does not take any responsibility to check quality of food they serve, I request online order community to DO NOT ORDER from this restaurant. They assume it to be online and never worked on the feedback.
It was smelling bad , kind of rotten smell
I got cheese corn parantha. while I had ordered Mexican corn
very thick parathas made with more dough and less stuffings
Lemonade was spilled and was less than half quantity
Got Stale food. Need Refund.
I ordered Mexican corn partha but 1partha was not properly cooked and other was burned. There is nothing as Mexican in it and the corn was super old.
the packing of the restaurant was pathetic...the boxes were crushed and wet when reached me
It is overrated casual Chinese food, with lot of oil. You can call it more of Indian Chinese. Ordered wolly chicken average. Flat noodles very oily. Thread chicken was oily. The captain/manager denied us Axis bank card discount because it was not told before. No restaurant denied me that discount before. Quantity is too much and they charged more than what was mentioned in the menu. Seriously it is an overated "Indian Chinese" restaurant. One star is for the thread chicken starter (oily, fried).
I used to love Chinese Pavilion. The Banjara Hills outlet was synonymous with prawns in chilli oyster sauce. I went with those drool filled expectations to the gachibowli outlet for takeout, and could barely finish the fried rice, prawns in chilli plum sauce. Felt plasticy. Sigh
I was here last night with 2 of my friends. We ordered pan fried noodles, Chinese pavilion noodles pan fried and spicy black bean lamb. Food was spicy and tasted fine. I have had better pan fried. However, the best/worst part follows... All of us had to take a sick leave today as we cannot stop going to the washroom. The food quality needs to be definitely checked. We don't expect this from a restaurant of your stature. Never going back and requesting others the same.
I have been to this place on a sunday with my friends thinking I can have a good meal and spend time with friends but the moment I arrived there it was around 2:15pm and the manager there started nagging saying that the kitchen is going to close in next 10 minutes can you please place the order. This continued even after we placed the main course around 2:30 pm too.. The food tasted good but the nagging was annoying..
I ordered mini veg pizza, manchuria, veg hot dog , veg pizza bun... Machuria was good but it wasnt hot they just gave what was kept there, veg pizza was kind of nice but it has to be more crispy, veg pizza bun and filling inside was smelling worst as if its life span is over, veg hot dog was bad it was having same filling as bun... It was totally a bad experience and over that the A.C was not at all working.... Please improve the quality
the cake i bought started smelling bad the very nxt day .. seriously??? u charge 2200/- for a cake n dats da way u make it?? n not to forget the hair strand i get from it ..!
Worst burgers i ever ate... this place is really bad when compared to other outlets... half of the burgers are not available and other burgers are tasteless.. grilled chicken tasted like boiled chicken burger... will never visit again.
Food quality and taste is not good. Super slow service. Nice ambience but very poor in customer handling. Lot of items not available even if in the menu.
I liked the food and ambience but the problem is with the staff.. they are not so responsive.. we’ve ordered one item but we got something else.. otherwise place and the food are good..
We were 4 people who visited this place on Thursday night....Ambience and service are good .Food is disappointed.Not worth for money we pay.
 gachibowli..."
It is seldom you see a restaurant with 4.9 rating. My friend and I had come with great expectations. But the restaurant didn't manage to live up to any of it. Even the 2 rating is because the staff was very polite and we had no complains there. Coming to the food: the sushi isn't good. The chef isn't aware that you don't give mayonnaise on sushi but wasabi. The starters were okay and we didn't repeat anything. In spite of being non vegetarians the only item we liked was the crispy corn. Then in aglio olio they used macaroni. The main course had a terrible array of dishes. And none was good. The biriyani had no chicken. The couscous salad had just quinoa and olives. The chocolate ice cream had an overdose of milk. All in all a very forgettable experience. However to reiterate the staff was good and after we politely told him about our experience he insisted on providing something special.
Apart from the starters; the main course, dessert, the wonky table we sat on was just a big disappointment. The ice cream was made with just cream and chocolate sauce with dry ice and that is not good.
Food is good, but for the second time around they didn't send us our complete order. Had ordered 4 Naans, got only 2. Also got Daal Tadka instead of Daal Makhani. Not sure if its the Ramadaan rush, but now twice in a row our online orders thru Zomato have been messed up. Probably will avoid going forward.
Ordered kaju panner, they have delivered chicken curry. So disappointed. Enquired with Zomato delivery boy he says we just pick the item and come.
The waiters were very rude that the hotel is very busy...if you ask for starters and soups they say it will late order biryani🤨🤨...Inam shocked with their behaviour with customers
not at all fresh
Ordered veg biryani here, the vegetables they used especially beans are awful. The are almost became like drumstick on chewing and cant eat them. Will never order again neither recommend to any.
Horrible biryani this is what we got when we ordered on Swiggy. It looks like you just want to make money selling biryani and left over pieces
my chicken was not boneless
Firstly the seeating space is less and the music for garden seating is really bad. Some of the items in food menu were good but my mood was dampened by the extremely bad service. This not a place to spend more time or chill.
Visited this place about a month ago and they weren't very accommodating as we had our 5 month old baby with us which led us to walk out ASAP. They were relatively low on customer service with us but no complaints about the food. Tried the fish&chips and prawn curry with rice last week and was decent.
Bad for a Sunday lunch..the place might be good for evening ambiance but afternoon inside the closed..most ordinary rooms with no music.. just chatter of other guests is a mood spoiler. Extremely slow service. Food is tasty and that's the only reason one could visit the place.
Be wary when you visit in summer. Very hot and not ventilated properly. Average food. Alcohol content in drinks are below average. Ambiance is good
Very slow service, it took us more than 2.5 hours just to have dinner. Totally disappointed with respect to the amount of money they are charging.
Ordered bread omelette with roast potato wedges and it failed to impress me. By bread omelette I was expecting bread wrapped with omelette but it was separate. Omelette tasted good. Bread was plain and hard. There were only two normal/medium sized roasted potato wedges. It tasted ok. Along with wedges were two chunks of roasted potato. English style and all is good but it is important to know how people eat a particular vegetable in a region. Neither one likes to chew a whole tomato nor one is capable of gulping it down. This was a major let down. There was rajma type curry which tasted ok. This whole dish was out of the way.
Have ordered from here multiple times but today the food wasn't up to standards. Ordered 'Chef's Special Combo for 2'. The salad and raita smelled bad. Weren't fresh. Had to throw them away. You folks have made a name, stick to its standards.
The taste was OK and food seems healthy. For the prices that we have the quantity is way less. Doesn't fill half your stomach. Overpriced. Worthless!!!
I ordered Thai chicken rice. First of all, it is on the expensive side. Second, the quantity wasn't good, third it was spicy. Seems like they are spending more on fancy packaging than the actual food.
It said thali but not adequate quantity
I had lachha paratha and chettinad chkn. Lachha paratha was cold and was very hard to chew. For the amount you guys are charging, I expected a better experience.
Not very pleasant experience with Shawarmas here. Was very tasty but got hard time digesting. Unpleasant burps until took medicine. And it was not only me but my friend also experienced same.
I ordered a chicken rumali shawarma just now from this place and added instructions in my order NOT to put that slimy, greasy "mayonnaise" some of these places are famous for. Lo and behold : opening the food parcel was the item with the awful slimy, sickening mayo I had requested not to be added!  And I might add - there was only meat and mayo - no vegetables such as included in shawarma ordered from better places (this was listed as "special shawarma").
It was not the same like before. There were big big pieces of chicken instead of cutting them into smaller pieces.
Very spicy shawarma, not for people like who don’t eat spicy. Based on rating went to try but it was very spicy couldn’t finish it and ended up having upset stomach.
One of my chauffeur in Hyderabad recommended this place for authentic Persian food. And I was disappointed. This place didn't live upto the fame and name. The meat wasnt well cooked. The taste was bland. The service was fast, however the quality of service was a disappointment. A cold finger bowl at the end made it worst. Ambiance 0/5, service 2.5/5, staff 3.5/5, food 1/5, value for money 1.5/5.
Chicken taste is not good
Didn't like the quality. Seems like it's been stored
shawarma is not tasty. need to improve in taste
Had visited for lunch buffet.to my surprise at 2 pm most of the dishes were hardly left and were not replenised.also service is slow had to wait even to pay bill inspite of the fact that it was half occupied.had much more expectations for that price range.definitly not value for money.
One of the worst restaurants in Hyderabad. Very bad service and they didn’t have most of the things that they specified on their menu card. Took friend for lunch there thinking to have good time, but was one of the worst times.
I did not have a good experience here. The service wasn't good. The ice cream looked good, but I didn't like the taste. Too many nuts. The listing in the menu was a bit misleading, and didn't have anything mentioned about nuts.
Ordered nutella brownie and got brownie and vanilla ice cream It's a shame that they write the name of the ice cream correct, take the money correct but FAIL TO MAKE the ice cream correct. Not expected from cream stone. Your customers are not fools. Dont insult them by assuming that they are less intelligent.
Please look at the below image. This is how I got my order when I order from zomato. I had a confusion to eat it or gulp it. However I gave 2 * for the browny
Have been eating in Sardarji's from a long time but now I feel they have lost the taste in their food. Nothing is good not even chat. Will have to look out for another option in Hyderabad for good chat.
no cutlery, no seal on the box, poor packing.
I have been here many times. I like the food. But never order food online you'll get very cold food( inspite of instructions) to name a few samosa's, veg biryani! etc.. you'll definitely regret.
Heard a lot about this small food joint and the north indian stuff they make. Should say I’m disappointed, looks like the quality is not the same as before, even the price is a bit high compared to other places with similar taste.
They have reduced the quantity a lot!!!!!
 something not expected from a BBQ Nation."
Place is pretty good and the food is decent but the service is really pathetic even not in the busy hours, it takes 20 minute to take your order.
Not worth visiting. Waited for a very long time about half an hour. People who know what a sizzler is will not like it for sure. I think restaurant name should be changed as they have buffet and other indian food in the menu.
low quality and quantity
food was less.
Went here on a Thursday, the staff were really pathetic in service and no Zomato Gold etc were eligible. They could have responded in a proper way when asked why it's not valid. (since it's ladies night)
We are here on Thursday night and place was empty at the time we reached but they says every table is reserved , so we found a place finally and ordered Maggi pizza which took them 40 minutes to serve by that time we loose our appetite !! Even customer service is late ! Food was good but they did not accept dine out pay !
Bad customer service! First we booked table near screen still they didn't give and they make people stand near screen! How the hell should we watch the match? People go to see match and they do this!
Place was a complete let down. Was there for lunch on Sunday and was disappointed. The veg stack in the western section was actually a spicy paneer which was basically spicy filling between 2 slices of paneer and topped with a chilli sauce. 2 dishes took 40 mins to come while 1 was served in 12 mins. Staff were lost and seemed to be recovering from a late night on Saturday. The only saving grace were the drinks. So unless you want to go and just have a drink and then more drinks, skip the place.
They need an improvement in veg barbecues, many choices in non veg but very low choices in veg, today we visited the restaurant with our 60 team members, out of which 10 to 12 members were vegetarians
Been here after seeing the rating but somehow disappointed. Starters was okay. Main coourse was very limited, i mean like common fr 700+ bucks dey provide less items. Dessert was good. Mexican fried icecrm was smething i tried fr d first tym but again the menu was limited and the quality of the cakes and pastries was very bad. My frnds nd me too could sense a foul smell as if it was nt fresh. Coming to the special items duck, rabbit squid, quail was on live and the chef cooked all the items in same way in same sauce. So i couldn't just feel the difference between all those special to be dishes. The place is nt properly built as i could smell the smoke of cooking and burning as well. Staff were very courteous and polite. Special mention to lassi and my favrte aam Panna was lit.
Service is very slow. Took more than 15 minutes to prepare the order and still the food was cold. KFC quality has also gone down. Chicken was just okayish. Even AC is not working at the restaurant in peak summer time.
quantity was too less
burger quality has decreased
there should be 4 pieces of hot n crispy but I got just 2 pieces.. which is injustice..N I paid full price
burger quality was not good
taste is not reached expectations as per KFC brand
chicken piece on white rice 😂
not properly fried
I ordered 1 plate noodles & 1 plate Manchurian, from which Noodles taste was very bad. So I recommend that not order noodles from this restaurant.
I ordered fries rice and Manchurian. First i will talk about the quantity it was upto thw mark as per the price of the food abd now coming to the taste . Fried rice was disgusting because it was like made from rice of last night and it was not good to eat. Coming to Manchurian i will say it was a average Manchurian and not that good.
ok ok
Food is not that good. Quantity is more but quality is less.
The chilli chicken was so bad when i ordered. The quantity was even less. Not worth the money at all. Noodles were tasteless but quantity was fine. Overall not a good experience.
The food was very spicy.
Chicken Biryani taste is good but the quality of chicken of is degrading day by day. Try to maintain the same quality as earlier days so that you may not lose customers. I'm noticing this change from last 3 orders. I'm giving this feedback to bring these things to your notice only.
Chicken curry ordered but it's not up to the mark. Birayani not fully boiled. Butter chicken is not good no spicy it's sweet combination not feeling well while having.
The taste was good, but I hardly found 2 chicken pieces and a lot of tomatoes and onions.
I got stomach ache. Too spicy, please mantain quality
Ambience is good. But quality of food not up to the mark. Good place with family and friends wth music and all. Most pathetic cocktail i ever had
Meh!!! Straight up. Heard from a friend that this is apparently rated the best pub in Hyderabad, but living in bangalore for 25 years and Boston for 5, this place is way over priced to start! Food is good don't get me wrong, but this place is clearly taking your money for the service and ambience which is so genuinely "Meh"! For example asked for a bottle of water which apparently takes about 20 mins
The only positive thing of the place was the ambience and atmosphere! We ordered nachos which was not served with salsa sauce . The mocktails were good enough but the barbequed paneer tikka was just horrible. It tasted like it was stale and was loaded with a lot of spice !
I have always loved the TDS chain. Been to Kolkata, Bhopal and Hyderabad. But hyderabad has been the worst experience ever.Very bad service. We had to wait for long hours for the food to be served. No one was bothered even about the bill.
Food was good and the service was too slow we wait for 25 minutes but no one come on out table for the order oftet when we talk with manager he was also with full of attitude. Over all rating 2*
Below average food and quantity is also below average . they overlly used some spices . i ordered some Qubani sweet is also below average . nothing used other than one fruit and sugar.
Today i ordered panneer and roti . but not satisfy with food test . panneer 65 it's test not good , it is very dray . it's need to improve cooking.
To the management : Please be careful while packing. I ordered Tandoori roti and got Rumali roti instead.
Beginning experience with pakwan grand is really good, but now a days they unable to satisfy customer needs and are providing bad quality of food
Food was good But services is not good because in restaurant have mobile network issue so i have some urgent work in my mobile and i asked the dine in admin they simply sad they don't about WiFi password .... Even I m regular customer .... very disappointed .😐😐
Chicken biryani home delivery open the packet Very bad service not satisfied test is very good lekin no hygienic very very bad home delivery chicken biryani test very good please next time not reply
ordered for special mutton biryani which is very bad the rice is over cooked and it's like khichdi
Food was stale when ordered through swiggy pop. Rita salad everything was smelling stale had to order again and discard this food. Please send proper food through swiggy pop
I ordered Kaju Panner biryani today. In Biryani, the pane-er is not fresh and predestined. The restaurant cooks are not cooking properly I think. need to change your  cooking  staff.
Thr place is good and the food was great, however the service was slow. In mutton biryani the mutton was half cooked which was a spoiler. At last we ordered mutton rogan josh and i took ages to be delivered, finally we had to cancel the order and leave.
We have ordered multiple times Mutton jumbo packs here at that time Biryani was good and tasty. But today's Mutton jumbo pack is worst and very spicy. Please check the parcels when you are delivering order.
very bad packing, quality of rice and gobi curry was bad. Better read delivery reviews before ordering. Zomato should look into the quality of packing before delivering
Poori was very oily
Not upto punjabi standards.. Also packaging was not good.
paneer paratha's paneer was not good
burnt naan
Quantity of the food is very less for a single person.
Ordered butter naan.. Completely jalgayaaa and very very difficult to chew and eat.. Not at all goood...Panner makhani is also not al good..
Bad experience.. Food is fine but their AC is not working and staff says this is out of their control. We were sweating. Didn't expected this from such reputed restaurant.
 the meat had a lot of bones.. service was bad.. There was always a shortage of plates and the dessert spoon they gave me was the highlight of the whole experience.. 🤣"
Did not enjoy our evening at all. Just realised not to order Sushi if it's not an authentic Japanese restaurant. Nigiri and uramaki were rice and rice and rice.. I made it a little interesting by adding as much wasabi as my brain could take. Waiters were very transactional. Told them it's my daughter's birthday and asked for a cake. They had a blueberry cheesecake in dessert and said that's all they can offer. We'll ordered the cake and had her cut it. None of them bothered to wish her or atleast be by our side while she was cutting the cake. Why do I bring this up? Cos this is a 3-4 star hotel and the staff is expected to be well trained and courteous. Service was very slow.. overall a lousy experience.
They said it's one of the best buffets in the city and my experience says otherwise.The service of the place can test your patience in manyways when it's packed.Everything that was there in the buffet was icecold from starters to maincourse.Seriously guys..??!! Huge disappointment this one was.Been here for lunch on holiday,even though i made a reservation before hand it took 30 min for us to get a table.Service, i always let go even if the service is not uptothemark cause it's understandable and afterall they are human.This one was unacceptable.It was a buffet(everything selfservice) only thing they are supposed to do was provide cutlery which they failed even after asking for multiple times.I walked upto the cutlery table to get it myself and they gave me 2 spoons and one plastic spoon for a table of 6.😂The taste of the food in the buffet,total off.Below average spread and taste.Nothing caught my attention to even write about it.The kebabs were all dry,the classic crispy corn was rock hard .The fish curry,i think they accidentally put fish in the salt gravy.Why is it so hyped,i still don't get it.May be i visited this on restaurent's bad day.But it was a bad lunch day for me and my friends.We just know how to have fun in the crisis,good for us,otherwise you can land up in a huge disappointment.
worst service I ever experienced. If we order an item no one take responsibility to bring it. They will stay at the corner and chit chat each other. There was a lady I said ur servicing was very worst and smiled in sarcastic way and went off. They will replace items after 20min. We have to wait for that item. Even bowls for sweets they will bring after half an hour that too not more than 5. At last I feed up with the services and had thought to have sweet and I find an Cockroache in the bowl I called the lady and waiter they did not responded. Then I went to kitchen and called a person ranjith he took the bowl and went inside the kitchen and came back and said sorry and offered 5 Ice creams. We were around 30 people. And he saying to come in the evng or next day. I don't know what they think about the customers. Basically it looks like decent and star hotel but the people and the service just like irani cafe. At least in cafe if we order they will get it fast or else inform us if it late. I heard lot about Jonathan kitchen food is absolutely good. But the people their behaviour and neatness was very very bad. Kindly find the attachment. Thank you and I never visit u.
Average food not tasty enough and not worth the price of the buffet, better to choose some other option than this until its the only option.
This place is not as good as jubilee hills branch, very less sauce used for wings. Which will disappoint you with the real taste. Ambiance & Service is good.
Ordered death by chocolate and received butterscotch and some other ice cream! Giving two stars because zomato doesnt show the reviews that receive 1 star.
not that tasty as expected
Quantity was not same as always, and there was no dry ice in packaging
dry fruits was not upto the mark.. taste was not good.
average
This place is okay at best. The drinks are too diluted with an extra crapload of ice. The live music was really great but didn't fit inside such a place. Cibo house is a much better place if you're looking for some good live music, a peaceful time and some great drinks with friends.
Firstly the pictures that they have put up makes this place looks brightly light but it is kind of dark and the ambiance is not exactly as portrayed. Not very crowded which makes it spacious enough. Food is okay but the service was pathetic. When asked for spoons, the waiter asked us to use the serving spoon instead. There was a lot of delay in service and mismanagement.
TLDR : an avg place with  moderately expensive drinks  ( a LIT in pictures at 550  ) A nice club with good ambiance , but they closed the roof top due to less crowd on a SATURDAY night . It was a happening place earlier , which couldn't cope up with new upcoming competition around it . The chicken wings were undercooked . The only good thing about the place was the energetic DJ with crazy numbers & the dance floor . The staff were not friendly because they tried to stop me & another blogger from taking pictures & videos of the place multiple times after even mentioning that we were lifetstyle/food bloggers (maybe they might have had a misconception initially ) .
everything about this place sound good .. with great ambiance and decent food and drink options .. I would recommend this place only if you are going as a couple or girls .. they have a huge gender discrimination for guys as they need to pay higher cover charges on weekends than the bill they would sum up .. world and tikki shack will be a better place if they stop discriminations and spread equality
The staff aren’t well trained they are non responsive had to wait for them to take the order even though there were only few table occupied and the food is also not worth.. the cutlery aren’t cleaned they had stains all over and felt like was at a local bar .
Been there for lunch few of the non-veg starters were under cooked and mexican chicken was salty and place was too loud with music too.overall didnt had pleasant time
Food is not that much tasty and moreover limited items,limited deserts ,its ok for one time lunch/dinner enjoyed in playing hand football...
Biryani aroma is good. But aroma is too strong for the taste buds. Chiken well cooked. My only concern is plz use little lesser aroma so that our stomach has got space for the food as well, rather than only having aromas. Taste of biryani is average .
Heard lot about behrouz biryani. So, I ordered dum ghost biryani. Packaging was impressive & quantity also pretty decent, and about taste my only suggestion is keora water or gulab jal whatever you've used will help to enhance the aroma of the food not the taste. You guys have to work on flavour rather than adding too much aroma.
Ordered lazeez murgh biriyani, quantity is good, taste is not good..biriyani is very sweet, mint raita is also not good, they didn't give onion salad also
Not provided any carry bags, difficult to Cary multiple packs one time. biryani quality not good
Ordered Lazeez Bhuna Murgh Biryani (Boneless).really disappointed with the the food ,quality and quantity wise its decent. but taste wise its bad .
It tasted worst. There were no vegetables in vegetable maggi except cabbage and paid extra for cheese which was stinking. Will not recommend nor order again. Waste of money
Too dry and very less stuffing
I've called for their veg as well as chicken fried Maggie a hundred of times just because it is so delicious and has a different taste from all the other Maggie places around. However, 2 days back when I ordered the food, it tasted the same but it had a peculiar smell which has never been there. I took two bites and just left it, those bites created a havoc for me the entire night. It left me with a very bad stomach pain I've never experienced before. Honestly I didn't even expect that it would create such a mess. People always say, avoid street side food which are close to vehicles and all, but this place never disappointed me except for this particular order. So I guess never risking my stomach again. Going to miss that Maggie so much 😷
I’m a frequent customer here! Just wanted to share this while I ordered A chicken Maggie today, instead of chicken I received marinated fried maida balls(majority of it) which looked like Chicken!
not warm
the quantity is very less..
my food had extra money for cheese and other thing but has not been delivered this is not good
not good
More spicy cannot eat
maggie is cold by the time it reached me..
Food is really very disappointing. Kheema pulao had many chicken pieces and rice was cooked very bad. Even kheema was not prepared well.awful experience
We have ordered Paneer Manchurian but all pieces of paneer are very hard to bite struggled alot, got irritated that's why we won't prefer this to anyone
Except for service and the starters to some extent nothing was good at this place we tried the buffet and after starters nothing was worth eating and I successfully wasted Rs.649 .I hope they improve it when I visit the next time.
Food is not good , we all came here for Team lunch in starter we only got 4 item but the taste of the starter is not good. So this place is not good for veg and non veg lover lovers. In sweets we have two ice cream flavours and rasgulla and kaddu ka kheer etc who will eat kaddu ka kheer
Slow Service. Food's not upto the mark. This restaurant seems in love with sugar, they put it veggies and soup in bulk. Service staff was not courteous.
Absolutely overhyped place. Substandard biryani and kababs, totally dry and tasteless. No dress code for waiters, hardly any waiters anyway. Pathetic service. I guess each and every place in Hyderabad, which is being talked about, be it pista house or paradise, are totally over hyped.
Taste wise they are OK, but I don’t trust their hygiene. Had ordered through Swiggy and were disappointed with the quality of food. Chicken lollipop was undercooked. There was red blood inside the chicken pieces and had to pull to tear the chicken.
Well... After going through a lot of positive reviews we finally decided to visit this place. We opted to go for buffet option. The taste of the soup would have been better if it has been served hot. Coming to starters they served 4 non veg and 4 veg starters. Out of the non veg starters apart from Tandoori chicken nothing tasted great or not even good. Especially Apollo fish was not even cooked properly. Out of the 4 veg starters only panner pakoda tasted better, that’s what my vegetarian friends said. Coming to the main course they served rotis prepared with Maida which I never try. The only thing I liked out of all the main course is mutton curry. Starting from chicken biryani and sweets like Gajar ka halwa, double ka meetha everything was served cold (Probably they forgot to turn on the burners). Finally it’s ice cream time which melted even before they served on the table. On a whole it was a bad experience. I would like to suggest the management one thing, If you are not really willing to serve buffet option over the weekdays better don’t.
Buffet is a disaster. No fresh food, all the deserts are from previous day. Service is pathetic and no friendly environment. Menu listed about 8 deserts but there are only 5- 6 and that too in open vessals.
They're just degrading the quality of mandi day by day.. really need to take a look into this and improve on both quality and quantity of pieces instead of just increasing prices in the menu
I have visited this restaurant with a group of 10 people. I have also ordered from here online. The food quality was not upto the mark for both the cases. The food served to us was stale. The ambience is nice though and the staffs are friendly too.
Too crowded all the time. The crowd management is not that great. Coming here with girls to party sometimes become a risk, especially on the dance floor. Otherwise it is a good place to hang around if you like loud music. I wouldn’t recommend this place for a girls group to go to.
The music was unbearably loud. The food was good but the place was overcrowded and the service was bad. Overall, not so welcoming for a comeback.
Too crowded.. Don’t even have place to dance. Music is good but since it’s too crowded you won’t be able to dance.. They should manage the crowd to make it good
Ambiance is good. There is a dance floor with a good DJ. Food and drinks quality is good and price is ok! But service is very bad, stuffs are not at all polite and not cooperative. Even they force to pay tips and use to bargain for the tips which is very unprofessional. We did not find any manager as well..
I am a big soup fan and both hot and sour and tomato soup was disappointing. The starter was too paste like in the mouth. The garlic naan was amazing. Daal makhani was below average. They gave us complimentary brownie and ice cream which was average as well. Definitely not a place worth your money.
Ambience wise it's the best rooftop place one could possibly ask for. The behaviour of staff however is highly disappointing. They have this bad attitude as though you're blessed to be dining there, now that certainly isn't accomodating, is it ? In fact, it ruined the entire experience despite the place being amazing and food being great. I guess it really is important to keep tabs on whom you're hiring.
The only reason this place gets a two is because they’ve got the best ambiance and the food in brunches is very very good. But trust me, they have to change their attitude towards the customers. We were 6 people went there by making a prior reservation for brunch and to continue till late evening after brunch. The reservation was confirmed, and it was all good until the brunch was over. We wanted to continue after brunch to dinner and we agreed to pay whatever we consume after the brunch hours. An hour later a guy comes and tells us to leave because they’ve reservations. I informed him that we made a reservation too but they denied to let us continue. However, we all agreed to leave and asked for bill. Here is the twist, the bill comes 30 mins later and there was no one to collect cash/card from us. They made us wait for more than 1.5 hours and all this while, no table was occupied. It was all EMPTY! I went to the manager and asked him if he can help us checkout, and confronted about the reservations. The manager now tells me to continue till dinner. I did not understand the issue they had and never bothered to ask too. We all left and agreed to never go back there again.
not so good
I ordered Mutton Biryani online but was very dissappointed with the qualtiy of the biryani, mutton was full of bones and undigestable.  also it was very spicy and really wasn't good for a Sunday dinner. Will never order again from there...:-(
Pathetic service, stale food( especially mutton), starters are not well cooked either, grilled chicken and chicken biryani were somewhat edible compared to rest of the menu.
Only one word to describe simply "Not upto the mark". they will say 3 non veg starters but they will provide only 2 . Food and customer service could be better.
Went with team for lunch over there...first proper parking is not there....resto is quiet small with very limited options in veg and non veg.... ambience, starters, veg non veg main course everything is just avg... everything is just dull and avg...I mean neither food is spicy or tasty ...it just avg and dull...
Below average restaurant,food is not that good,most people go there for buffet,they served cheap welcome drink,which infected my throat.Thats
I had taken Dinner Buffet. The ambience was good. The food taste and dishes were below average. Everything was self service even the starter. For Veggie people's, I would recommend not to go this restaurant as they don't have items in Paneer and Mushroom in Veg. Apart from this, they had dishes like Egg Burji, Egg Curry, rajma masala, plain rice(not even fried rice), Bhendi fry, etc. Such dishes gave me a feeling that I am dining in a roadside dhaba/tapri. Coconut Barfi, Ice cream was not at all special and seemed to be of low quality, The Pastries tasted as if they are preserved since many days. Overall I would say the buffet is a waste of money in this restaurant.
not good
not good this time
Good ambience.good spread, buffet for dinner yesterday night.Highly dissapointed about the vegetarian curries which were rottened, 2 out of three were rottened. The triple pudding in the deserts with rottened fruits was pathetic. Overall vegetarian food for the buffet was ignored by the restaurant. Pls do takecare #bananaleaf, don't dissapoint your customers.
Over Hyped place.No neatness. They open branches in hot places so that they will get the customers no matter what.Especially this DLF branch is no where preferable.
Irrespective of their high reputation of being authentic Andhra food restaurant, I was highly disappointed..Tasted Kheema biryani which was not upto the mark..The service was slow.. ambiance was ok..
I have ordered khema biryani and chicken roast, both of them were not good, khema biryani was too bad. I have visited kondapur branch many times and I liked the food, but this time I had a very bad experience
Food was okay , strictly South Indian food #northies don’t try unless you are sure u want to eat pure South Indian food.. !! 4/5 for spicy 🌶
no taste
food not good because biryani rice not spicy just plain rice given to me
very spicy and not so tasty
The place was in a very high end location. The ambience was not up to the mark. The service seemed pretty hostile when we asked them basic questions. And when we asked them to pack some of the remaining food, they didn't seem too happy about it. The appetizers and soup were good, but the quantity was too little. We ordered the "Classic Mezeh Platter" and when asked for some pita bread, the waiters frowned upon us and did not give us an appropriate response. Overall the place is overpriced and the service needs to be improved.
There were mosquitoes in the restaurant. The food was ok but there was a hygiene concern. The pickled carrot was stale and had fungus. The waiter replaced it but this is not expected of such a high profile restaurant.
We visited the restaurant yesterday. We got outside table as all insides were reserved. Being 42 degrees outside, they only had fans running in such upscale restaurant and mist fans. They are charging 1400 RS for buffet and is considered upscale restaurant. Quite amazed on how upscale restaurants cannot afford coolers. Felt bad for waiters also as they were fully sweating and running around..I had same experience few months back. We went in th evening and it rained. We took the outside seating due to nice weather plus all the water was gushing inside and they had nothing to prevent that. I liked the food here but if management can't simply think abt service, I am sure we can figure out other places to eat.
I had heard a lot about Glass Onion, but came back extremely disappointed. The only reason I've given it 2 stars is because of the nice staff and the gorgeous ambience. The food is over priced and the quantity they give us is way too less. We ordered the lamb lasagna and we literally had ONE piece of lasagna which really shocked me. Then we had the chicken steak which was decent - nothing special. We gave up on their main courses so went straight to desserts. We ordered the warm apple pie, cheesecake, and the Brazilian chocolate cremeux. The chocolate dessert tasted old, the cheesecake was a thin slice of sadness, but the warm apple pie was very good. Overall, never coming here again and don't recommend to anyone
Came here with my Family after 2-3 months and ordered usual chinese combo . They have changed their menu and made it more south Indian than continental like before . In chinese combo they gave us noodles topped with Paneer 65 ( with all curry patta and mustard seeds) This use to be my go to place until last year because of the freindly staff and variety in continental menu . They changed their menu and the new taste is not worth it.
Had a very disappointing experience. The place didn't do justice to it's rating. I don't know what happened, maybe the chef had a bad day or maybe that's how the food generally is. Ordered fries with cheese which was poorly seasoned, the fish in fish and chips was literally dripping in oil. There didn't seem any effort put into the Potato wedges that come on the side of the burger. The service was good.. if only food was half as decent!
The food was not good as expected. The service could have been better. Please concentrate on taste . This place is not for lunch better try for dinner
Had a very disappointing experience here today. We had been eyeing this place since long and planned our brunch to be had here. Loved the place, it was spacious and the ambiance was really good. The first thing I ordered was coffee but they were not serving any hot beverages. Next wanted to try pizza as they serve in different shapes but that too was unavailable. Did not felt like ordering anything after this. Highly disappointed.
Food tastes good however had bad experience with freshness of food being served. Happened once at eating out at restaurant and second time while ordered home delivery.
Deli 9 staff didn’t have the basic courtesy to inform that for 4 diners, it would be appropriate to unlock 2 Golds. They gave only 1 dish feee whereas we had ordered total of 7 across 4 diners.
I had a nice dinner planned with my wife here. I have had lunch many times at this place, but that evening was special. We got a cockroach along with the meal. When complained the only thing they offered was to replace the dish.
I had very high expectations from This one. But disappointed. Talking about food , the taste was below average. We ordered Pasta and pizzas both were not at all good. The only thing which i liked about this place is the Ambience. It's very decent. Coming to service, the waiters were very humble but our order took more than 1 hour to reach us to the table. Overall Below average experience . 😐
Somedays it's decent but somedays it's so not good. Yesterday we ordered fish paella and the rice was tasteless just dipped in chilli water. I love spicy food but not like this. We also ordered lamb bolognese and for both dishes it looks like they recycled the same generic masala mixture. It was so pungent.
Good food but not very friendly customer service. The servers were way unfriendly. Overall average experience. Would request management to improve the quality of staff serving the food. Their attitude needs to improve.
The ambience is excellent , the food not so much , we ordered a half n half pizza , margarita & bbq chicken , the pizza was not up to the mark , now for the second dish we had ordered was Alfredo Chicken Pasta , the pasta sauce was very liquidish , chicken was undercooked. I am have visited this restaurant before & it was an awesome experience , we used Zomato good during this visit of ours , not sure if this has anything to do with the food taste , there were 2 pizza slices left & the the restaurant said they will not pack the leftover food as they said it was orders / rules from zomato , they said they would rather throw the left over in the dustbin but not give it to the customer , this is very strange rules , zomato relook at your guidelines
after looking at all these good rdviews i thought the food would be great..but it was not..dominos pasta is far better than this,i orderd salsa pasta cost 415 rs..not upto the mark..then ordered few more veg items nd they were not good ..it does not justify the prices at all..i ate better pastas at my office restaurents at half the price..not happy with food quality. though ambience nd service was good...may b in veg they dont hve better quality food..
Unhappy. Mezze platter had no taste and they took over 45 mins to prepare the food in spite of showing an expected delivery time of 30 mins. Not satisfied with service or taste. Thumbs down for me. 👎
Not as good as it used to be.Used to like pasta a lot but turned out to be a big downer this time with degraded quality. They definitely lost a repeat customer.
I love Karachi for its taste. No issues with the food. But I ordered a pastry and asked it to be given as parcel. They just threw the pastry in the box and no spoon was given. However the pastry was awesome!!
ntg
Not nice
The food was okay. The ambience was good but the waiter's behavior was not good. A zomato guy came to receive an order he asked for a glass of water and they denied him and told him to wait outside.
Went there with a friend on a weekday evening. Ordered bbq chicken and nizami roll. The chicken in both dishes did not taste good and was not fresh. Irani chai was not up to the mark. Cost wise its on the higher side and not worth it. Overall a bad experience.
Had cutlet.... was a big let down!! 👎 can do better with the taste. Even the accompaniment is a normal store bought ketchup!!! Menu could be listed as ‘beet root ‘ cutlet instead of cutlet to prepare the mind.
Went there with good expectations.. coz I have been here many tyms but felt of writing a review today coz food was baad.. mainly standards...Bun Maska in initial days it used be best but now I didn't find it great, but ok.. kheema pav was today best I can say.. had bheja n roti as well, it was well cooked but missed the actual flavours of the spices, I some how liked the Hyderabadi style but one can try Irani style here..I didn't like the Irani chai one can get a better chai outside small local cafes.. well maintained ambience.. overall it was average with taste n flavors.. may I need to try some more dishes....🤘
very oily
Kindly try putting more stuffing in the waffles.. we ordered two but it was all bread hence couldn't eat any. Ice cream waffle was all melted.. kindly remove it from online if we are unable to deliver with dry ice. Banana caramel waffle was all dry.. expecting better qualities for the next order. Thanks a lot!!
Extremely soggy and no flavour at all. Worst waffle i had
didn't taste like it was freshly prepared
We went for lunch buffet. Food taste is average and limited options. Service is really bad. None of them show up when we are asking for food, water etc. But we got the bill on our table while we are still having deserts.
The ambinence was good but the food was nt that much of good which i expected from them.. The staff was rude and nt proffesional.. Worst experience that i ever had in my life
Though the ambience and food was good, especially been here to make some moves on the dance floor. When we’ve gotten over the floor, bouncer refrained us from dancing on the floor and asked us to move away which was utterly disappointing.
biriyani rice was not boiled properly..it was hard.
food is cool
Quantity of biryani is OK but the taste of chicken in it is not fresh. Bad one.
Too expensive and is served with very less quantity. Went with family and it was disappointing as many of menu items weren’t available and Poor service. Not so great and it can be skipped.
Though this food chain has got some fame, I totally disagree with it for the experience we had on our Friday lunch. Poor response and tardy service. Management failed to take care of the waiters who were very few around the tables. Waiters has to be augmented along with swiftly handling the services.
We went on the new year day. Menu was limited. We waited 1 hour almost to get our food on the table. Service was horrible due to rush. Food was not that tasty. We ordered rajugari natu kodi pulao, which was bland. We ordered kothmira kodi kura as curry with roti. It was just OK but less spicy. We ordered junnu for desert which was the only good thing amongst all the dishes bit the quantity was so less for the price. Overall it's too much hyped restaurant with ordinary tatsing food at expensive rate. My suggestion better look for other options. Don't go during festive seasons it's crazy crowded.
After hearing from my friends suggestions. I had prawns fry and chicken biryani... They need to improve food taste and quality... my dinner at ulavacharu. Food is okay
Great 👍 ambiance, tried avakaya biryani tastes awesome, I would rate food 5/5, ambiance 5/5, service 1/5, if u plan to come please get your water because they won't offer you water until you request them, waiters "sai " Is busy in doing his works, the way he communicates is more like road side restaurant.
The moment you enter the restaurant the ambience is good.We ordered Godavari royalla vepudu that was good.Then we ordered Gadwal kodi pulao was ok their sambar rice was so sour more of citrus taste that was not at all acceptable.
A small place with with dim lighting and gives the feel of romantic dinner table. At first we thought it's a good budget friendly restaurant for Chinese food in gachibowli. Food tasted good and so was the presentation. we were enjoying our food and suddenly we heard people arguing with Waiter over something. And to our horror when we find out they had found cockroach in their food our experience turned into nightmare. They should maintance the hygiene of their kitchen.
 go at your own risk if your are looking for experience !"
Not a great place. It has ok ambience and good hospitality but the food isn't great. I've tried America chicken chopsuey, it's different from other chopsuey's out there and it's just average. I've tried the tei pei chicken starter and it was not great, the starter was not skinless and also the chicken was very chewy making it difficult to swallow. I've heard that momo's over here are good but I didn't want to try. Overall I wasn't satisfied.
Chilli paneer was bad.. Paneer was stale... Rest all fine
this particular item not properly cooked. taste also not good
sambar is not good. ghee dosa doesn't have any taste of ghee.
Never order full meals online... At the end you will get disappointed with incorrect items.. From the given menu... Expected alot by seeings reviews.
Very busy place. Rude waitress. Thalis are very nice here but don’t try any other varieties because they taste very bad. I had very bad experience. Only vegetarian food.
Average food. Have come across small amounts of mud in the food. They take a lot of time to serve food. The menu is also not that special given the name of the restaurant which belies it.
I have been to this place for random dinner with friends and it was the most stupid decision.. The place is the perfect example of mismanagement. The food was also pathetic. We have ordered sambhar rice after a lot of disappointment thinking that atleast it will come on time and will be good in taste but I guess they were checking our patience and it took almost 20-25mins for us to get that. They were so slow even in providing bill and on top of that they have added service charge without even our notice. I have given two stars only because the manager / owner (not sure) was really very courteous and he has asked not to pay by acknowledging our complaints.
North Indian thali was okay. We ordered paneer butter masala categorically saying don't use onion and garlic. The concern person said, he will serve. However, they still used both the ingredients.
The cost of the food was 200, but the quantity of rice packed was more but the gravies very less for a meal.The paneer gravy was missing ,curd very sour.Definiltely not worth for the money.
We had ordered the Spicy Mutter paratha (2/5) and the Mooli paratha (3/5). The parathas were thick and there was no butter on them. It comes with a drink(3/5) and dal makhani(3/5). Now I am not a regular paratha eater but occasionally i love my aloo, gobi and mooli ke parathe. I have always ordered and found them to be good but this time i was disappointed. From the looks of the paratha, i am sorry to say this, but it didn't look very punjabi. Punjabis know their paratha well and wouldn't compromise on it. Cheers!
We visited this place during weekdays. This place is at prime location , easily accessible and has good ambience. We ordered tandoori and lasooni Tikka. Both of them were under cooked and were not worth it . Main course was not good either. Servings were taking lot of time to complete.
Had their speciality - Makee di Roti - Sanson ka saag - no where close to what a real Saag.  Gazar ka halwa - OMG - chef never had gazar ka halwa in life - so pathetic.  Giving 2 rating as Starter was good - Paneer Szechwan.  Good ambience. Pricing also very decent. But overall taste of Punjab missing
This place has a good ambience. However, the food is not up to the mark. The staff usually takes a lot of time to bring the food which is also not mouth-watering. Undoubtedly, Gal Punjab Di can improve.
rotis not baked well
Too spicy food
Don't order Chicken Biryani Handi, they provide just one chicken piece in handi and the taste was average. Rice was not tasty at all. Will never order again.
Ordered chicken biryani from here and the food delivered is not at all hot... and also you might recieve incomplete orders.... better i wont suggest this restaurant for any foodie right there....
This restaurant provides good food only but I was not happy about that I had asked for double masala but they didn't gave me that food so was upset at that time
hi-tech bawarchi food is not pretty well. Masala not there and chicken also very small piece and quantity of rice is also low following this raita also very low quantity...not satisfyable if you feel hungry...
Lovely Srvice .....
Very less quantity
Zomato, I didn't know that delivering a 2 litre soft drink bottle takes 1 hour...my time is valuable,I could have bought it myself if I knew that your services are so shitty
Quantity too less
Full of food color.. Doubtful whether it is a chicken or not.
Serving not upto the basic standards. Place smells wierd and costs not at all fair. Not a preferred place for vegetarians. Most of the items on the menu not available
I ordered Veg Manchuryia and Fried piece Chicken Biryani, Manchuryia wasn’t hot and taste was below avg , same with biryani too taste was below avg as name itself biryanis and more people will expect min taste and service was very poor every time I should remember them to bring water bottle , Manchuryia, Biryani and after that we should call them and ask to serve , it is very bad experience in my recent times .
Restaurant must be preserving the old veggies. I ordered Veg Paneer Babycorn biryani. Babycorn was rotten completely, I felt pathetic after eating. Rest of the food was fine. This restaurant has wide variety of biryanis and makes it still a preferred place.
Visited this place today. Food is no doubt good but the service is awful. We had to wait more than 30 minutes for the food to be served, that too when we asked then they served. The staff was rude as well. Had to ask for every little thing. Even the basic services were very bad. Would suggest the owner to improve the staff and services.
I didn't quite like this place. It is a bit congested and the food is also not so great though they charge well for it. But I did like the DUM Mutton biryani. Service was also okay.Plates were not good condition we have to request 3 times to change plates when asked for ice cream go different order...
food not good
Seems vegetable was not washed properly, hence got lot of white stone chunks between teeth’s..
not delivered intime
Ambience and food both was okish. We had taken buffet. Not much options and even the food options available were not much delicious. Not a place I would recommend.
Been here today with teammates and the food for non vegetarian was not up to the mark. All the chicken starters had small pieces of bones. Every bite was with a bone. The main course was just OK.
Was here on a Friday evening with friends for dinner. They have both buffet and ala carte options available. Ambience is good. But the service needs to be improved in terms of the staff availability for taking orders and re-orders. The food was quite average. Liked the veg nizami we ordered for main course. The veg manchow soup was really bad though. The taste of food can be improved. Overall,not a very satisfying experience.
The ambience is good. But the food wasn t upto the mark. The non veg starters were horrible. Full of bones. The veg starters were okayish. The variety was less. The main course was okay. There was variety but no taste. There were hardly any desserts. Disappointed.
The service was disappointing. The servers were in some hot mess - confused how to circulate the starters. We were five members, we got the table promptly as we had prior reservation. We decided to take the buffet. We were told that starters are being served pretty much like some other joints. The sitting arrangement in the restaurant is haphazard, mismatching furniture (probably some kind of interiors they thought to make a different style statement - which is not an issue for me). The welcome drinks were served only for 4 members in the beginning. Had to remind them to serve one more. Only three plates were provided, so after a wait of 5 minutes, the rest two of us got our plates. We told them, almost 3-4 different staff members, that two of us were opting for non-veg and three are vegetarian. They would either serve vegetarian options at a time or non vegetarian and then totally forget our table for 10-15 mins. We had to remind them to serve us more. Plus, they kept bringing the same starter again and again, despite telling us that there are other starters too. For e.g. crispy corns arrived at our table - I lost the count how many times! Some starters arrived only once. Some veg starters were cold !! Almost after 45 mins, the two chicken starters that they told us in the beginning arrived.  Main course was alright. After spending an hour, my appetite was already gone. I still made a selection of prawn curry, it was delicious. I had it with naan and some rice as well. Desserts were also running out of supply by the time we were ready for it. Overall, the whole excitement of having a team lunch at this place was lost, mostly due to poor service.
Food used to be good here . But these days they are putting lots of oil . Taste is also not good. So please bring the old taste and quality.
Ordered chilly paneer with fried rice which tasted really bad. The quantity of the paneer was less and it was so dry. The paneer and fried rice didn't go well together. The taste of the rice was more sour than expected and was difficult to complete it. The package was not taped and the ketchup was missing for which I have paid. Highly disappointed with the service.
I ordered noodles with gobi Manchuria. Trust me... The noodles were so fat and without any taste. The Sauces or the fry that noodles went through, there was no taste at all in it. It was not even having the basic salt. Managed to eat with the gobi given in the box and later realized that there not more than 5 pieces of Manchuria. Thus, I could not even complete the noodles. Was not at all satisfied with the noodles combo box.
too late delivered
Ordered chilly paneer with fried rice. Paneer Quality was bad. Too hard. I will say NO to this menu. Waste of money...….....................
the paneer was bad in chilli paneer
Imagine eating rice with dry fried potato!!! I really don't understand how they serve rice with Indian Chinese chicken manchurian without a drop of gravy in it. I mean, did I order starters to eat with rice? plus the chicken pieces were very few and cooked so much that the chicken was fibrous and dry. BTW, who puts coriander leaves in fried rice?? People have raita and salan with biriyani. Why? Because just the rice and chicken is difficult to chew and swallow. Use some common sense, guys.
the food was very bad. the noodles was blant. and the chicken was dry.
Quantity was decent. But the gravy wasn't well cooked and had a bad odour. The Egg fries rice were okay but the gravy was I believe a bit undercooked and hence spoiled the taste of the complete box.
I didn't like the food at all !! We ordered thin crust pizza quatro formagio and it was not thin crust at all with very bland taste on top of that . Then we had the tuna salad which was too bitter to eat . Couldn't even finish it ! Then we went for a very cheese pannini . Another dish we couldn't finish . The bread was too thick to eat ! overall huge disappointment for me !
We ordered for a margarita pizza, a brocolli-corn puff, a spinach corn sandwich, a blueberry shake, an icy latte and few cappuccinos . Apart from the cappuccinos nothing else tasted good. The bread was hard, the puff was slathered with butter, the icy latte was tasteless. The food is extremely overpriced compared to the sub standard taste.
The food is good but not worth the huge price. Mexican bun - not good. It had a strong coffee flavor and was also a little burnt. Coffee is average. Tables and cutlery need to be cleaner.
Ordered chocolate croissant for dessert but ut was horrible. A cold soggy croissant was delivered which was too low in quality for 200 bucks .. over priced and over hyped restaurant..
Had ordered in for the night. Was really excited to see chilli con carne on the menu. It's one of my fav dishes from when I had travelled. Had also ordered 2 croissant. Was disappointed with the look and tatse of the items for the price being charged. The food had no flavour at all. The croissant looked like some Patty from a local store.
Went for the dinner buffet...was very disappointed with the service and food. The service here is really bad no one is bothered to attend you or clean ur table...have to remind 2-3 times for a single thing. The food is okay, taste is also okay ... not somthing i expect form luxury hotel. The desert section is good but not much variety cud have done better. Not worth ur money
I had bad experience with buffet,food served was not at all worthy. Service and ambience were good but food was pathetic and just waste of money.
I visited flechazo on 13th for a team lunch. Honestly, the place is really hyped. Starters were good, main course average, and the desserts were below average. They have a live pasta counter, but it was absolutely pathetic. There was no seasoning, just plain tasteless pasta and sauce. Even the mocktails are overpriced and average. There are far better buffet places in Hyderabad where you could get amazing food for nearly half the price. Would not recommend.
I am sorry to say this but nothing, i mean nothing in this place was exceptionally good. From food, to taste, to hygiene, to the supporting staff, to the ambience - nothing just made me food good and welcomed. We were a group of people who went there and none of us were happy with the food, or the food spread, or the taste specially. I remember nothing from what I ate as extraordinarily good. I have been to westin buffet, novotel buffet, trident buffet, avasa buffet and alllllll were way way better than this place. There has been absolutely no work done on the ambience to look pretty or attractive. It also wasn't that clear like other restau. the place did not even smell good. I would never visit this place.
We ordered alu parathas from here which turned out to be a mass of poorly cooked dry mass of wheat. Do not know about the rest of the things they serve but not ordering again for sure.
very less quantity.
I ordered Chilly Chicken and Butter Naan. The butter naan was alright but the chicken needs to improve a lot. Although the gravy was fine, the chicken was not upto the mark as it seemed tasteless. To conclude it's okay but it really needs to improve a lot on a number of points.
food quality was not good as expected
no butter added
dal was really bad and Chinese veg Manchurian was actually pieces taken out from gravy
Delivered cold food. food is not even warm.
Not so good..
waste
not that great taste it quality id say
why don't you consider instructions given by the customer. I requested not to put whipping cream. This is the 3rd time it happened and i never gave review earlier but this time really got frustrated. Please follow customers instructions.
bad packaging. all the almond feasts had barely more than one almond each.
can do better
I don’t feel the taste of flavour that had ordered
I got both Same products
Just Average. Ordered some 7-8 times. They could definitely improve on the food quality they deliver. Food quality is always below average. Fast food is Terrible here. They don't know how to make fast foods. Pastries could be considered.
Ordered a veg cheese grilled sandwich and a veg burger with extra cheese.. Inspite of cheese it was lot of mayonnaise with awful taste.. the sandwich’s wasn’t even proper and thee food was stale.. never will try the place again.. couldn’t have the food more than a bite
I had heard a lot about their chain of bakeries and had tried there muffins before, all were good. So thought of trying their other bakes. So I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich through swiggy and upon receiving the order I found it was grilled chocolate sandwich, even bill was wrong. Raised a complaint and got a replacement. This time I checked the bill which was correct but even then THE ITEM WAS WRONG. They sent veg instead. The sandwiches were not bad(1 star extra for that) but I don't know how they can mess up like this.
Not a place I would visit again. Menu is very limited and cocktails got no alcohol at all. Visited on a Friday night and totally disappointed. Crowd also not good . Never visit would be my advice... Hyderabad got tons of better options.
Place and music was good. Food was tasteless. Not upto quality. service was better but I have noticed crew was busy moving/jumbling the seats all over floor all the time.? Not a very pleasant experience for a first time visitor.
A decent place for party and a cozy climate too. Veg manchurian was great and chicken kebabs were fine. First thing that disappoints me is there is no drought beer and the most annoying thing was the behaviour of the manager ‘AKTHAR’. There has to be some respect towards the guests and the managers was bossing everyone around. I’m giving this a two star only coz of him else I would have given a 4 maybe if I had the drought beers.
Average ambience , average food and average experience. Not worth the 500 bucks they charged for entry as cover which was not even adjusted with the bill. Music was too loud making it difficult to sit through. A number of items on the menu were unavailable though service was prompt. Had high hopes because of the Zomato rating but was thoroughly disappointed. Should give it a miss if one is looking for a classier experience.
Rated 4.1 on zomato. quite disappointed. Friday night perhaps got the service lil delayed. Music too loud, too many smokers and the pizza had huge cubes of onions. :(
This place charges both an entry fee, and a cover charge. We ordered the wasabi prawns - what they delivered was great - but I tasted no wasabi so our order was clearly wrong. The cinderella mock-tail was insanely sweet, no one at our table could finish it. Despite promising us for over an hour to find us an indoor table, they sat us outdoor with the mosquitos which they weren’t able to control with citronella sticks. The dance floor was very active with an amazing DJ, though not nearly enough AC so it smelled like sweaty guys.
Gobi manchuri ordered was completely uncooked! Taste was ok quantity was ok but completely raw. Dal was good and worthy. Rice was very sufficient. Please check the food. I couldn’t eat yhe manchuri
taste is not good,
Ordered paneer butter masala and naans.The curry had lot of food color and oil which is ok.But two naans weren't even equal to one naan in general...they were way too small
rotis are not delivered hot..not satisfied with ordered.
Only chilly, no taste...chilly paneer was watery n no taste in Paneer Chatpata
naan is not gud....
I have to wait for so much time
Butter milk is waste.
waste!
half boiled rice more masala than rice
offers are not good
Though I love Chinese but this place was a big disappointment for us... The taste was too bad.. The price is high.. Lamb was not properly cooked.. It tasted like rubber.. Chilly chicken was so bland, Crispy honey chicken was not at all crispy. We had to ask them to re do it. Somehow they have not maintained thr quality nor taste.
this restaurant located in the same complex of reliance trends in gachibowli. I had chicken chinese chopsuey which was not at all good u can just skip this place
Pathetic service. Took an hour for the order to deliver even though there were only 2 tables occupied. No one has an answer for the delay. The entire eating experience is ruined. Not visiting the place again
I went to this place as a part of our Sunday dinner. I already heard so much about this place from my friend. The taste of the food is no doubt good but I found stone in the soup I ordered. Thankfully it doesn’t go inside my stomach. Unfortunately no body bothers to say sorry they just gave 73 discount to us. The waiter was also very cunning first when we complained about the stone he said he will discount but later he came with the bill without discount. So we again asked him to give some discount then only he came up with new bill.
poor quality
Too oily for my liking
dint taste good at all... had food in dine o China before and was very impressed with the food.. but the ordered food tasted like roadside Chinese noodles...
the momos and spring rolls were good. but the rest were not. there s mushroom in padthai and it's too spicy (but not flavoursome). pad thais are meant to be tasteful with peanuts and flavours of spring onions. this padthai just has gun powder in it. the sauce for the noodles was so hot that the container almost melted and the taste of the sauce went bitter. I suggest that better quality containers be used for packaging.
I ordered broccoli and baby corn gravy. it was tasteless ..
The momos was very bad and even the delivery was very late. Not satisified with this order
I ordered chicken fried rice, there were not too much topins..
Went for quick lunch with colleagues for a farewell ....below avg ambience and dirty sofas .....food was overspicy and I feel they tried to mask the stale taste.....only reason restaurant, still alive is next to DLF....nothing else..
The staff is not at all polite. Even we got dirty plates. Its one of the worst experience I had. I would suggest to order food from online if you wish to have food from here. The taste of food is decent but it has no ambience. In a way they charge more than the service they provide.
Provided more masala and less onions , last week totally less masala and full of white rice
1*
less peaces
gongura biryani was nice but quantity for two people is too much and Apollo fish was not tasty
very less quantity
not so good and it's not so spicy
25mins late..
Very limited menu for bar and food. Service is below average. In beers only KF avialble. For finger food orders they take more than 30 minutes. Food quality is below average.
Very laid back staff. We ordered chilli toast and got the order served after half an hour. Just to toast a piece of bread they took 30 minutes literally. I had to follow up twice or thrice. The cocktail wasn’t better either. It tasted just like water with a hint of vodka. And I had to ask for sauces to go with the fish I ordered. No side fresh salads or sauces to go with the main. The fish tasted good, though it was slightly over cooked. They can improve their service levels to a great extent. And also their food. It somehow gave me a feeling that they didn’t bother about the customers.
Went this place for my friends birthday,although it was weekday so crowd won't be that loud. I found this place ok for chill out not much happening as well. We sat outside in open area which was good, also it was but chiller that day so moonsoon was really awesome. Now coming to food and other stuffs. As I am complete vegeterain one incident happened that day like we ordered two veg pizzas there and confimed the ordered twice to waiter..first pizza was correct and good but second pizza we told him to get it after some time.as.he served there was topping on pizza which was looking like carrot,but as I had some confusion with that thing,I closely looked and saw it was not veg , I told to re-confirm in kitchen so it came out to be non-veg it was pork or something like that. I was very dissapoint with the management and post that no came to feel sorry as well with wrong that giving on our plates. I was totally disappoint with instance giving low rating and also very bad experience. For other thing i ordered the food was good.
The dj isn't great. There wasn't much crowd though it was a weekend. The drinks are just fine. Service is good. Dj and ambience have to be improved a lot.
The management is naive and doesnt know how to keep the place happening. The happy hours timing goes for a toss as they have limited or better to say nothing at disposal during that time. Only your frustrated mood can save your day and only focussing on your drinks is the thing you could do here.
Food is over rated and service should be improve a lot.Food item cost doesn't match provided taste. Over all bad experience.Management has to look into these issues.
Food tastes good here but when you see surroundings around kitchen and wash area it was horrible. Cockroaches, mice and lots and lots of dust. I understand this place is for online orders but not for dine in given the fact that people dont get to see this unhygienic atmosphere.
 in comparison with the taste and quality."
not good
Gobi Manchuria is not soo gud as expected
Ordered Tawa aloo paratha, Veg Manchurian and Badami Kheer. Paratha is below average, veg Manchurian is OK. No badam flavor in kheer, but it's a rice kheer
items are cool ...
The place don't have mutton though they have it in menu. Chicken Mandi is ok ..not that great.ambience in contrast is great. Music is too loud to have conservation in lunch.
The food quality has gone down compared to its initial opening period. The rice is too bland and the chicken dishes are a bad excuse for being a lazy chef.
Very disappointed with the food that I ordered from Yum Yum Tree today. The quantity of the rice for the juicy mutton Marag was less (I ordered full) and there were only bones in the mutton, no flesh at all. Felt cheated for the money I paid. Shawarma was good. I don’t think I’ll try the food from here once again.
The outlet looks good. The service is excellent. Food is fine. Its not true to its cuisine.. its not true Arabic food.. shawarma is not what you expect.. it's more like a roll. If you want a true authentic Arabian food, i suggest you to go to some other place.
Food is cold.. N not even tasty
Honestly, I've been to this place couple of times in frequent events. 1st two times I really loved the Mandi, but last two times it was just ok ok. Have you guys sacrificed your quality or it was the odd timing both the time I went?? I feel the taste should be same all the time. Specially the rice in the mandi use to be tastier than chicken or mutton but now its just ok ok type. Dont do this guys, you have one of the best for Mandis in Hyderabad please maintain your quality.
food packing is Bad
Fries were very bad, i had to throw all of fries.
price is too high on deserts
We ordered falm Mandi. Rice was good but chicken did not boil at all. Just half cooked n hard to eat.so not much impressed with Chicken. I am not sure about other item here.
The food is average. But the service is very very poor. Buffet lunch was not that great. Food was cold when we started our lunch. Raita was watery. Starters are bearable. But the restaurant really needs to pay attention to the service criteria.
Went here for a team outing. The restaurant caters to masses from the corporate sector. Not great spread on the buffet. The starters were either too spicy or undercooked. The main course spread was below average. The fresh jalebi was a good addition to the otherwise below average dessert spread.
Went with lots of hope that its a subsidiary of moti mahal group of hotels but i will just say there is hindi poverb in India NAAM BADE OR DARSHAN CHOTE ....
I went to Urban Asia on a date and we had planned to have sushi. Sushi was not available at all. We were heartbroken. "Sorry Sir" became the theme that night. Date went dull.
Firstly my cocktail was messed up and than paneer lababdar with pathetic gravy was too bad to consume. Overall food experience was bad. I would never recommend this place to any of my friends or peer
The service is very bad. They are not offering the seats when they have whole restaurant empty. The food is good but the manager and staffs are not that encouraging.
We took buffet and got only 3 Non veg starters - Fish Prawns and Chicken - each 1 type. Food is average, as usual, nothing special. Rs 783/- (699 + 5% GST + 7% service charge) for this buffet is very too high. Not worth. Go for some Barbeque restaurants for the same price and more options.
Have been to lunch with friends here today, first things, ambiance seems to be pretty good, i think people just carried on ambiance for this location. Serving is damn slow, even though not much of crowd in the restaurant. Price is pretty on a higher side, virgin mojito just tasted as mint lemon drink. We need to ask several times to serve, also when we for main course figured out that few dishes were not served to us which were part of starters, when asked, the same was brought later, Welcome Drink is the one which is served after several remainders and tasted bad. Desserts were not so great and not many. Felt with the cost that was paid this is not much upto mark. All in All pathetic service, you will literally ask 'n' number of times for food which is served on table. Not a wide range of dishes. Taste not so great especially with mock tails. Totally disappointed
This place served the worst Indian food I could ever ask for in Hyderabad. The towels were dirty and not properly washed. The food was just horrible. Loud music from the pub above will spoil your dining experience even more and when I asked for outdoor seating they lied saying it's only a smokin' area. Not visiting this place ever again. An extra star only coz of the interior otherwise this place is just worthy of a 1 star.
So so place. You can visit there if you have zomato gold. Otherwise place does not deserve a special visit. Location is good and food is average.
Visited this place for the good experience we hd earlier at their jubilee hills outlet but at yachi bolu it was a disappointing experience.Purina chutney was sour , methi chicken was bitter. Don't think will visit again. Attitude of service staff was ok.
Food is good, but service is pathetic. Had keep asking for starters, but they couldn’t serve all the items at least once. Finally we gave off
after going through the amazing reviews I tried red velvet cupcakes. honestly it's not worth at all. the frosting on cupcake wasn't fresh. it tasted below average cake. not worth the money.
I am from Mumbai, visited this place after hearing wonderful reviews, and purchased for 2450 too however I have never seen such an arrogant and non courteous staff. Hope your good baking doesn’t bring in arrogance
 and the Iced Vietnamese was too sweet to stomach."
Was super excited to try out the special Navratri Thali from Faasos. It had Kuttu Aata parathas, Paneer curry, Sabudana vada, and Sabudana Kheer. Honestly, my excitement dropped down after tasting the parathas, as they were too greasy. Paneer curry, on the other hand, was the savior, Vadas were fine and Kheer was up to the mark. What I liked about the thali was that it had more than enough food for 1 person. I am going with 2 stars as the parathas are the base of this thali and I couldn't finish even half of it. I have very high expectations from Fassos and am sure they will take this feedback well and improve on the quality of parathas.
not as expected..over priced for the quantity they are giving.not worthy i ordered it for my husband..he didnt like it at all.dont want to order again
No miyo was given
really small portions and avg tatse. There are tons of places much better.
Not value for money at all. Less quantity for very much price.
The rice was not at all tasting like biryani and it is very cold
Ordered noodles and received without a fork... how am I supposed to eat ?
Have heard good things about this place. So wanted to give a try. Went in and sat, no one even approached us. Ordered a Chicken Omelette, Mushroom omelette and filter coffee. The food was decent, but the service needs to improve. Had some mosquitoes, the tables were not cleaned promptly after the guests left. The same guy who was cleaning the tables brought us coffee bare hands, wish he’d wear gloves. Hope the administration takes notice.
Visited this highly rated place yesterday. Ordered a sandwich, brownie, and paneer puff. Everything was very average. Not likely to try again.
We ordered a double Margherita Pizza and white sauce pasta. The texture of white sauce was off and it was very clumpy (the pasta was still very hot). The pizza was fine taste wise but it can't be called a Margherita pizza (had few strands of shredded basil that was dry). All the sachets of oregano seasoning expired 3 months ago, in June and when we opened the sachets there were a lot of clumps. It's okay not to give any seasoning if you don't have it but sending expired stuff is completely unacceptable. The delivery and packing was good. Wish they had paid same attention to the food.
food not as order
I chose Fried Rice for my China Combo but got Noodles in return.
Too much plastic for packing.. 30% of whole order were just plastic covers.
Dessert was not edible
very spicy and vada is uncooked.. disappointing
nice Tatra pack is missing and also Poha is dry undercooked
tomato rice was worst. muffin cake is very hard. vada is roasted more.
Was high on expectations after visiting khaan Saab in GVK. I was disappointed with taste and quality of the food. The service was mediocre and it seems to no make justice to call itself a branch of khaan Saab. Even ambience seemed to be a cheap knockoff.Service was okay.
Have been here today and the service here is very very slow even in non peak hours. They keep forgetting orders, we need to remind them twice or thrice. Don't feel like coming back. Restaurant is overhyped and food is not up to the mark.
We went for lunch in weekday. Restaurant is with ok ambience and nizam style plates and glasses. Ordered biryani. Biryani full of masala and little rice. Jyadha masala thoda rice. Food taste is ok but not worth it. Food cost is peeeeeeekss. One water bottle cost is 47Rs. Highly costly food.
Really average..had buffet lunch ... Served everything on table... Nothing great about it.. really average interiors.. food was just not bad.. but just above bad.. passing marks u could say in terms of food.. ambience and money.. wouldn't recommend it and big no for a 2nd time..tried and forgotten..
the dish was extremely oily. the tandoori roti was tasting sour (bad sour). seemed it was made from the spoiled dough
Ordered chicken tikka from here. Never had itna oily chicken tikka in my life. The oil was dripping uncontrollably from the box, the packing was bad. The naans were full of oil, the plastic was full of oil, the sabji was so spicy that we could not finish it. Basically waste of money.
Hi Team..I am big fan of your restaurant and I visit frequently..but unfortunately I have received wrong order I have ordered veg paneer biryani and food I received was chicken biryani..when I called your exceutive he just disconnected my call .can you at least listen to your customers concerns..
ordered chicken Tikka. it's not at all good. I doubt it is chicken or not .
very less quantity for a regular that i ordered..... it cant even feed one person and they are charging 300 rs for this qty . Though the taste is good but quantity is very less, still hungry and had to order from another restaurant
Chiken is good but Biryani is too oily. More than actual customers there is huge crowd of delivery guys. Thali is not available. So, we must order kheer seperatly
Tandoori Chicken Tikka briyani.... Chicken Tikka is not a good taste and briyani with full of oil..... Overall taste is not satisfactory.... Restaurant guys please maintain food quality to be best
I don't like spicy food but after eating biryani here I feel like it would be good if it is spicy
can be better if provided fresh food
I had ordered Chicken Tikka Biryani and Tandoori chicken.. it was delivered before time(only good thing) .. Biryani was too cold.. looks like they serve chilled biryani.. and the lemon was rotten.. pathetic experience..
no quality
phulkas was not delivered
Did the cook change?
Currys quality not good. all Currys are taste sweet. quantity also less.
breads are not good... these are half cooked
food could have been more tasty..nd quality too was not uoto the mark
Ordered paneer lababdar but der was hardly 4 pieces of panner on it. Disgusting
disgusting paneer chilly. it was floating oil inspite of ordering dry. i have snapshot which will make it clear. quality of delhi 39 is going worse over time.
worse quality of food
Not good at all.The taste was bad.
bad paratha..it was plain paratha no stuffing
paneer was not good.
i am fan of this place and using it for last many yrs. the quality of manchurian was bad. it was extremely oily
Went there yesternight, just to have that hyped Irani Chai, but it will be safe to say that I was fairly disappointed. The tea didn’t taste that good as I had heard. Cups were dirty and the tea was spilled all over the saucer.
taste was not good.
Food is not good as previous.. Quantity reduced and price increased. Price is 20% more than restaurant price. Chicken doesn't tasted fresh..
Haleem was pretty good. Biriyani was so pathetic and there is a suspicious smell. Mutton tasted like beef. Disappointed. Took a decision to never visit again.
size is small
Extremely spicy
it was not too good what I expected...lots of potato were there in stuffing..guys burger won't have potato too much
Food was cold
not as expected
I ordered veg berger. But the bun is so hard that it spoiled the taste.
No napkins provided n all the sauce was coming out already... Packing was poor n cheap... Not so satisfied even with the taste
the item was not fresh prepared
i went today at lunch time. service is very bad they dont now how to treat customer. They will not suggest what is the special today. Taste is good but improve Ur service. service is very slow i call many times to the service boy but he is not responding proper. hotel environment is good and taste is awesome. but i will not satisfy the service.
Restaurant with lot of open place and average food. Went with friends for lunch, what ever we ordered Veg or Non veg, started , main course all are not upto mark. No one of us r happy with food served. Serving is fast, ambience is ok.
Average food. Bad service. Open place and good to sit outside and eat on a breezy night but not enough to visit again due to the food quality and service.
Bad ambience, ok food.  Soups were great. Had some non veg starters which were not very tasty and felt a bit raw.  Naans and curry was nice. Horrible biryani. Roaches in sink  :x
Went there the other night with a couple of friends for dinner and I was truly disappointed. The food didn’t taste really well and the ambiance wasn’t great too. The rice was polished a bit too much and the Pulkas felt like papad. Had good expectations from Kothimeera chicken but it was all bland. On top of all of these, the waiters demanded for tip. Yes, they demanded how much tip we leave.
A different place which used to serve finger licking food. Service is very slow. Only instant ice cream is amazing. I can give 5 stars to the Ice cream.
Worst experience in sense of service. We came to this place group of 9 people. They were taking forever to take the orders. We received piece of hair in one of the starter. We had to seek the people to take our orders. Quantity of all the starters was very less. Every time we needed to ask them to serve. They were leaving the starters just like that on table. All the dishes were average or can rate them below than that as well. None of them was extraordinary. Waiting for main course was more than 30 mins.
I would not recommend this place. I tried their steamed momos and kurkure ones too which were not upto the mark. They dont serve that spicy red chutney that was a bigger shock for me.
I have been here and had it's momos. It was not that great! So i had ordered chicken steamed momos on zomato and was disheartened to find that the momos have degraded further in it's taste. The outer covering was dry and not well cooked. It tasted like it was not freshly made. The filling was not satisfying at all. Moreover the salt was a bit over the top. The sauce served was excessively salty and tasted like tomato sauce mixed with chilli paste. Not good at all. I had been in their shop quite e few times but this time it was really disappointing.
Ordered steamed veg, paneer and chicken. Chicken was okayish. Paneer was nothing but onion. veg is a total no no! On a side note, who gives out mayo with Momos . Very pocket friendly though.
Chicken momos is fine. I have tried veg before. That's also good. But the problem is mayonnaise. These people use readymade mayonnaise which tastes really horrible/spoiled. Instead they should start making their own.
I ordered a home delivery of steamed chicken momos, since it was the bestseller. The momos tasted old and chicken tasted lemony. The sauce was traditional red sauce that had no flavour because of excess water added and other sauce was store bought mayo. I had to throw the momos away
food was cold and seems like prepared few hours ago
it was not hot and no chutney and mynoese
It's a nice place but I didn't have a great experience with their home delivery. I had ordered pasta via Swiggy and they sent the wrong order. I complained and got the order sent again. The sent the wrong item for the second time around as well. Poor experience. But decent when you go there and eat.
I'm disappointed after last night's dinner I had here. I was visiting TCR after a long time and ordered a Dark on warm mug, Salad and a Mint Mojito. While the Dark was awesome, the other two items disappointed me. The Salad had very raw cucumber and it gave me a bad stomach pain from which I'm still suffering. They also gave a plastic fork to eat a salad which has chicken, cucumber, lettuce, capsicum and tomato. Giving plastic fork to substitute real cutlery is way more disappointing than anything in a place as reputed as TCR. The mint Mojito was a tad bit less disappointing. The syrups flavor dominated all the way till half the glass!
To be honest, it is an average place to hang out. The cold coffee or drinks made by me tastes better than what is served here. Minimal efforts have been done to maintain customer satisfaction. Almost all the items tastes average and not worth the money.
Did not like the quality of chocolate ice cream served with the pancakes. Tasted as if it was laced with some chemical, gave a metallic taste to the palette after few bites. Was also dissatisfied with the waffle. Very rubbery, was difficult to cut. Lastly, the service was poor and rude. Wont bother going here again.
The one which I always eat here is chocolate sizzler.But now I feel it’s not worth to visit chocolate room for chocolate sizzler as the quality is decreased.Sizzler which we got this time is having so much of brownie but they din’t think of giving enough chocolate sauce and also the brownie is over cooked.
 On the name of Aglio olio- it was just couple of olives and olive oil and nothing else. No herbs/ seasoning or flakes."
Very poor packing.
food is not good
Provided seasonal fruit as banana.. Which is not expected
bad
taste is not gd
milkshake is not good and it was not thick
Chocolate quality is very bad considering the high price. It tastes similar to an equivalent 30 rupees milkshake you get in cartons. I so lodge recommend this to anyone.
avg it was
Ordered ceaser salad. It contained lettuce, lettuce and more lettuce. Not to mention couple of tomato slices and some HARD chicken meat. Ignore the sauces. It was jus for smell sake ! Avoid Salads from them !!!
Ordered Chicken and Rice Combo. The packing was horrible. A portion of the Coke dripped into the packet leading to make the whole thing sticky. Even the tissue papers were smeared with Coke. The rice tasted sour. The drumstick smelt foul. The only thing met expectations was the Fries. May be for the first time in my life, I had to throw away half of my food. Would to look forward for the betterment of the quality and taste.
Packaging was really bad, sauce was dripping from the packet. Also ordered Sprite can and they delivered in a glass. Shouldn't like customer this way. Needs lot of improvement if they want to be in business for long
Staff was polite and friendly, but the food and the taste was below par😒😒. The burgers were decent but their wings are baaaad.... At the time we went even the power was also not there.
Garlic bread was half cooked
less cheese in cheese burst
late an food is cold an bad. Delivery boys shd carry change ...
cold pizza served
very very expensive not value for money
Not delivered in time
I have ordered shawarmas from this outlet more than a couple of times but today the shawarma which was delivered was very bad , the rumali wrap was hard and the filling had next to no chicken. never ever going to order from here again.
Taste should improve as it was not good in taste also everytime i order from here they don't give tomato ketchup.There was an instance happend last time when I ordered they didn't gave me extra mayo which I ordered.
below average taste.
no proper packing
poor quality
Not so spicy..
They put cabbage along with onions in their normal shawarma. Personally that was a let down for me. Didn't like it at all.
not good
I think they have kept the rotti in rain..
Not good almost dried no tasty ness
I ordered Chicken Hakka, they gave us Chicken Chowmein absolutely white, blant and tasteless. I complained to the waiter who said thats the way they make it, yet he offered to replace with Chicken Schezwan noodles which I declined, as I wasn't sure to further ruin my taste n appetite. Cocktails were decent, non-veg platter was ok ok, couldn't differentiate between the taste in tikkas. I am grading down to 2 stars only because of the amateur Chowmein served in the name of Hakka.
The food here was ok. But the service was worst ever. If you have 3-4hrs free time to spend then come here. The service is slow as sloth. We ordered starters got it after 30min. Then got lunch after an hour. I guess they forget orders after you give them, you have to remind them atleast twice or thrice to get it.
Went there for a dinner buffet. Highly disappointing. Firstly, they quoted wrong price over the call. On top of it, there were very limited items in the buffet. The ones that were there were mediocre as well. We felt a road side dhaba would have been better.
Went for team lunch. Have been here in the past too but experience this time was not at all good. Food was not good especially the ones that were refilled. It appeared as if chef changed in between. Breads were too dense, desserts too sweet, chicken overcooked. Most disappointing was the service which is not at all expected from a brand like hyatt. Very slow service with a I don't care attitude. Had to wait very long for some of the requests. The only good thing was probably the decor. And no one will come back only for that.
 it has the potential to be the best."
Extremely expensive for the food they serve... I happen to go there on my birthday night and the food was just pathetic and over priced.. I wouldn’t have mind spending if the food was good however it wasn’t... This place is not at all for wine lovers as they serve the worst wines at sky high prices... the only reason they are getting 2 stars from me is coz of their staff
A sheer disappointment on 12th May 2018 at the buffet dinner . The food was served cold , the service wasn’t up to the mark . The only please take thing was the chef guiding us through the course of the meal . The bill was a hand written one with no copy provided . The balance cash was returned after half an hour . Even though I’m a member of their “Club At The Hyatt” , I wasn’t given the membership benefit I was entitled to . Utter useless service and truly disappointed . You surely lost a loyal customer .
Excellent food but the service sucked !! The staff there are just not interested and they act as if they do a favour to you!! I might only go there for the food only !!
After so many of goody goody excellent reviews I been there n i was very excited to taste the foodz I was missing northeast taste🤤 but sorry to say it was not upto the mark it was ok chalega type , being a northeast I know wat it should taste
 the staff is not really helpful and takes forever to respond."
Visited this place with much expectations..but got disappointed with the service and the bad smell inside the restaurant..we ordered chicken momo and lemongrass chicken..chicken momo was very okayish...n after waiting for a long time the owner informed that they need lot more time to make the dish..as we couldn't wait more did not get chance to taste the dish...service needs to be improved..
The taste and quality of the food here is on a slippery slope. I used to love the Boston creme donut. What once used to have a juicy, creamy filling is now a miser's dab. Burgers have also lost their taste and are mostly insincere.
Ordering donuts from this place is a nightmare. They always forget to heat the donuts even after insisting. We have to call the executive and tell the same just to make sure.
This place is severely understaffed. Very hot in the afternoon. AC does not work properly. Tables not cleaned unless asked. Donuts are tasty though. Will not visit this place again.
No complaints regarding the taste or the quality. Their timings are terrible. They don't serve before 11 even though the opening time is 10.
Not even a cover they have given to hold the box but the package cost charged for 25rs that too in rain.
They run out of coffee regularly. The store is very poorly managed. It takes at least ten minutes for them to generate the bill even when there is no one else there because their systems are always down.
Roti delivered was very bad and was smelly half cooked
So less quantity at so high rate
it was delivered 25 min late
not bad
food was bad ,chappati was excessively burnt
no cultnery with food.soup was delivered in pouch .how a person is supposed to drink a soup from a pouch and soup taste was also little odd.
usually food was good but not good today
paneer is ok. but soup is not at all good .. packing is worst
very avg litti. chokha was worse or stale. paneer tikka was painted in orange color. and everything was packed in plastic bags. very inexperienced way of delivering. overall not recomend.
Just average 👎 I had paya shor a from this place and must its not worth. You can have it alongside rice or roti but not all alone like a soup. They gave 2 small pieces infact very small and the quantity also too less. Utne mei kya hoga? Infact #payashorba is an absolute waste from here. Completely disappointed. I have given 2 stars just for the packaging. Well it was neat. Rest all I don't prefer to have from this restaurant again👎.
the restaurant ambiance was really spacious and cozy. But the food was not so good. the starter veg kabab platter, the paneer was really hard only the aloo was good. we directly went for veg and chicken biryani. which was okay but not so good to. the service was good. i forgot to mention the mocktails that were mojito and ginger peach they were a bit to sweet.
It's been a very long desire to taste the pan Asian food at Zega, very beautiful place with a spectacular view from the outlet, well balanced ambience with nice live kitchen and interactive bar, coming to the service its seems very low manned for every order we have to stand up and request someone to attend for our request, taste of the food was just ok, need to relook into the clasic dishes, over all it was a very average dining experience at zega.
Table was not clean and there were stains on it, obviously not a 5 start standard. Food was ok ok not something great with limited variety on menu. Service was below average as they were not prompt I had to wait every time to get something served on the plate or need to call them and ask to serve. On a whole the experience was very poor. Nothing great when I visited with my wife for dinner.
very spicy
it's not good,earlier it was good ,but today food is not good
late
paratha had some sort of foul smell.
Overrated place. It's a disappointment and below par as per taste. We had panok prawns, you could taste the batter, it's basically the deep fried prawns however the taste is not at al upto the mark. Schewan noddles and chicken garlic sauce is below par. Nothing great about the place.
For the first time in my life someone justified to me that burnt noodle tastes as such because the item is a sizzler !! Regards to the rest, please confirm if it's crab or crab meat.. if it's crab meat , please stay off...
Well after reading so many reviews finally visited this place...ambience was so good and coming to food crispy corn is nice. Tawa fish was ok... Basket Biryani disappointed us... biryani was ok but not flattering as they claimed.. Staff was polite and prompt especially pradeep and Suman.
please was good but it was quite expensive and coming to taste we can rate 3 out of 5, we cant click better pictures wen we visit in night🤣🤭best in day time for pics
Service was too good and fast. Even these people were so polite and well behaving. Manav and pradeep you were good. Hope everyone behaves the same way
I came here with my parents. We ordered for Thai peneer tikka, kaju pulao and veg biryani. The kaju pulao and veg biryani were really good. This is a decent place to go with family. Shubro and papiya served well.
Service is really exceptional. Cheers to Manav, who served us really well. Food was nice too. Loved the ambience too, with nice music playing in the background.
The place is just beyond beautiful. Ambience is excellent and food is good. The service by Soumen Das is extremely good. Highly recommended place.
If you have time to waste for taste u r most welcome ... the taste was really superb but the service was very very slow..! Dishes were impressively having different flavours which i liked..!
Had a good food and good time at this place.. Ambience was really good and had a nice time... Thanks @shubro for assistance and guidance for having food..
Lovely ambience..Roasted chicken soup was the Highlight of our dinner..Basket biryani was full of flavours and yumm.lasagne was great.Nice to go with whole family.Appetisers quantity is less though.
Awesome food, very good ambience, centrally located, ample parking....coordination between serving boys / service has scope for improvement, boys very courteous though. Not sure why the bar was closed on a Saturday evening....Overall good experience & extremely value for money....will visit again!
Ahmed was serving us. Polite and very cooperative staff..Amazing food and Ambience..Veg gilaffi Kabab and Lasgna was a must try..Loved overall experience....
Food quality is good..but some.takes more time when the food arrives.but food taste was too good..staff was good..perfect for family for lunch or dinner...enjoy
Always the best , my all time favorite food, biryani ka baap , every time I visit I feel something special, I almost visited 20 times , simply the best
We ordered tandoori chicken as starters that's very tasty and light and then butter naan with mutton masala and as main course we ordered chicken biryani, egg and mutton biryani those are very very tasty and light mutton piecs cooked with perfection
Nice restaurant with friendly and courteous staff and variety of options to choose from. The curry and raita are really good. There are some good options for veggies also that they can try.
Good food and good service. Good options for vegetarians also. Desserts are very tasty. Ambience is also neat and the place looks very hygienic
It's very nice place to enjoy the food. Servive is very good and food is delicious. Decent ambience, good place to enjoy the nizamis food in hyderabad.
The biryani was good.The service is good.suggest everyone to visit.Its a good place to come with the family and it's a place where you can visit again and again
Gud food..fast service.. best people in the restaurant so fast delivery asking me to rate the restaurant nice restaurant good service many badtrips in the filed don't go
Very delicious haleem Ian so happy feeling and service also very good haleem price also very good and haleem quantity very good and staff also very good
The staff were really good ..the food is delicious. The egg biryani is too good. The place is clean and neat . Ambience is amazing.a place to visit in Gachibowli.
was beautiful-peaceful and relaxing. Staff was outstanding. The restaurant was exceptional along with the hosts and servers. A must visit place
This is my first visit gachibowli paradise i am very happy and biriyani very delicious and service also very good and all staff also very friends ly
Nice Biryani. The taste was good but the quantity was less. The service was good and staff was curious. 1 biryani is sufficient for two people. Value for money
Paradise is one my favourite restaurants to eat briyani once in a while .... It's good with the service and as well the food .... Too yummy ... Tasty too ....
An decent buffet ranging from your own customised pizza to the amazing starters. The place was crowdy even on a week day. Servers and chefs taking personalised comments on food delivered was very satisfying. But the finger food on conveyor belt was cold. The pizza needs flavour and tom yum soup is real disappointment. Couldn’t get to main course but the spread seemed interesting. Would love to visit again.
 they had messed up with making the arrangement for 2 cakes which they had agreed to provide. This was disappointing and could have been avoided."
Went here for lunch, it's bit different than usual bbq buffets starters were impressive, service was good. You will get wood fire pizza here, due to heavy crowd when I went the pizza was not baked properly. They can improve in dessert section. Rest all are good and different than regular buffets.
I feel veg starters shud be improvised, we had mushroom, sweetcorn( which were very dry), kebab ( not properly cooked) n few others starters. They are not that tasty n didnot make a wow impact. Fish starter was awesome, prawn should be cooked more, chicken tikka was ok. Overall not convinced much with taste of starters. Maincourse was far better than starters and desserts were also ok. Can definitely visit but not with huge expectations on taste.
This is one of the best places in Hyderabad if your planning for a buffet. The staff is very courteous and ensure that you are not unattended. Apart from the indian cuisine main course, food was yumm. Jalebi was the show stopper. A must visit!!
Ordered Chicken Fried rice. Very good; however, didn't give curry with it. Not sure whether they forgot. But did like the taste of the variety.
Nice taste of Biryani, and the price was also fair, ambience was good.went with my team they loved it..starters were excellent with crisp and spices
I had shawarma so many times in so many places but no one can prepare like him it was so tasty and price was also okay and they always respect the customer instructions
Perfect place to order for mutton Biryani and mandi. Superb taste but a miner issue with this restaurant is it's so busy on weekends and they will not concentrate on ordered items and some times they deliver incorrect order. Otherwise it's awesome...🍖🍗
Food and taste is fabulous, nothing there to complaint but the way they use containers for delivery need to improve. Sometimes for curry orders packages are leaking out. To be top all the facilities provided by restaurant should be in best quality😍
The biryani here I found very delicious, worth of money. All spices were blended and mixed well, but one thing they used a lot of spices that could probably disturb the taste
No onions for any biriyani full fake delivery. Don't order and believe them they are delivering false biryani and fake identity of original.
Biryani is good but tandoor was not up to mark.. but still for non vegetarian, this place is heaven... Plenty of items at reasonable price..
Mandi seema lovely items. Should definitely try it. But item should be hot 🔥 to better its taste. Service in the restaurant were not that good for the family orientated people there will be late what ever you try
It is completely biryani house.. You will not ❌ get satisfied every time. But u can't find these type of biryani in Hyderabad. Very crowded place have to wait much time to get a seat. Ambience is below. Price is very low when compared to other restaurants
Loved the chicken biryani totally. Mild spices,well cooked rice,4 big chicken pieces. But somehow got disappointed by the butter Naan and chicken Masala. Anyways heaven for Biryani lovers.
Offers one of the Best Biryani's in Hyderabad! Also their Irani chai is awesome. Both of them are must try, you'll not be disappointed. Place is little crowdy though.
Mutton special Biryani & chicken Biryani are good in taste. Grill chicken was little oily and service was good. It's one of the best place for Biryani lovers.
When it comes to experience, this is one of the places I ll remember for long...Went on a Saturday night and was welcomed with sweet Latin music with people dancing in some Latin form... Could be salsa or any other form considering they have so many...definitely they were not the guests, looking at their proficiency... Very good food... Not so great beer from their in house brews... You will be shocked to see some healthy variants... Worthy try though... Overall a must go place for the experience.
This is good place to hangout, Hospitality of this restaurant is very good. Went to this place with bunch of friends had a great time and good 🍻
Great ambience. The food tasted good as well. Removing one star because of lack of vegetarian options; if they add more options before my next visit, I'll gladly revisit my rating.
Nice place to go to catch up with friends over a couple of drinks. Live music nights are really soothing and the ambiance is great. Service can improve. In house brew collection is good but can add more variety to it, since customers look for ranges. Thanks!
This is one of the classier places to party in Hyderabad. They have great music usually on Fridays and Saturdays, when the party fever is high. On Sundays though, it's a bit mild relatively. The food is good, and drinks are even better. Go there to have a good time with friends.
 probably you can work on the cocktail taste ...my husband had ordered beer sampler and a glass of stout beer later which he enjoyed !! So no complaints on beer.keep the good job going !"
Actually I struggled between 3 and 4 for this place, where drinks are so good and buffet doesn't last to it. But a totally classy atmosphere in buffet area and very good vibes in first floor and their brewery is one of the best. A little costly. Caution: if you are a stag majority of times they won't allow u on ground floor in evenings, which is kind of sucks though. Finally value for money for a date or with a team else little expensive
I went with my friends. The apple cider beer is a must try. In the starters the 3 cheese layer mushroom, the Burmese wrap is also a must try in starters. Pizza was good the crust could have been little crunchy. Pasta was ok. Ambience is nice. The dj did not play the latest songs but the floor was filled with people. The waiter (Sarvesh) was courteous.
Do ask for Makhan if you visit, great service & good beer. Fermentation smell can get some people uneasy but beer lovers will surely appreciate.
Lit ambience,loud music and great beer. Apple cider is probably the best in town. Service is a little slow coz of the large croud. Perfect for an outing with friends on weekends.
Such nice place to hangout with friends with live music and enjoy the brewery drinks and waiters were so friendly and approachable .. cheers 🍺
OTM - food awesome...Lager awesome..ambience awesome.. I am frequent to Prost and any place which can be at par with Prost is you guys..only one area where you can improve is your staffing..upskill them as what all do you have in your menu..when I asked them suggest me the best risotto you have then he quoted sab same hai like Kichdi..so hope you look into it and add cheese cake in your dessert menu (the proper one).
If you are a fan of brewery u should visit this place. I have tasted three of there beers they taste good. Food is very nice we ordered chicken and tandoori fish style murgh everything is perfect here. Serving is also fast. Zomato gold is additional bonus. I felt they should allow stags on weekends on upstairs at least with a entry fee. Rest everything is perfect.
Nice brew to hang out, serving us really fast should thank Partho for it. Next to highway is the only the negative stand for this. limited choice for vegetarians. Non-vegetarian is really good.
 then its a must visit! Probably one of the best place to chill out in Hyderabad."
This is a nice place. Food and cocktails are great. On the expensive side but its worth it for the feel good factor. Great service by the team and management.
Lovely location and really a vast place. Great ambience. Friendly and courteous staff. Great sea food. Loved the crispy calamari. Decently priced.
Wonderful ambiance one of the must go places in Hyderabad...., good food.... however reduced one star coz they have stopped their brewery and serving draught beer...
this place is really good n relaxing because of the ambiance.. loved the place, food was good.. it’s worth giving a try. live music is an add on to this
Went there as a group of 10 for lunch buffet. The place is easy to find and at the entry you have an option to choose either AC or outside. because of the heat we went inside. The starters and soup were served on the table. There were numerous starters and it was very good. the starters actually make you full. The waiters were very friendly and helpful. they had asked multiple times for the starters to be repeated. the main course was good and there was a huge spread there. the best part was the desserts which were awesome. Next time would like to go on a evening for the outdoor seating and ambience.
Had been here a couple of times. Nice ambience, lots of place to sit. Courteous Staff Members Wil want you to visit this place again. The food is also nice. I think we indian restaurants should start asking spice requirements so that we don't end up getting spicy food.
This has become my go to place now. We went on a Sunday evening, and really had a very good time with some delicious food and the band performing was also very nice. We ordered stuffed crab and I would say it is a must try dish. It was just mouth melting. In main course we had Goan prawn curry and rice and it was good. They also have fresh catch counter where you select and customize your sea food
 chef special soup . These tasted extremely delicious and special mention about curd rice 👌"
Food wasn't up to the expectation. Friendly staff, the ambience was really good. Live music was very soothing. Would definitely visit again. Overall, thumbs up for replicating goa experience.
Should visit this place for dinner coz in summer you feel too much hot in afternoon that you can’t feel the taste of the food. Nice place for corporate team outing. Food was good and absolutely taste desserts first.
Surprisingly well versed ambience. The place is massive with a get-away-from-city feel. They serve wonderfully cooked seafoods(Goan focused). A tad bit of coastal flavoured along with choice of alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages. I would recommend, to book table before hand; there are variety of sit outs to choose from. I would highly recommend this place if you’re a seafood lover.
 just place your order in one go."
Been the place for lunch and I loved the ambiance over there which resembles the same as Goa and the person who loves sea food will be attracted to this place ..
A must visit for sea food lovers, brings in GOA to HYDERABAD. Would love to see more seating arrangements in the open area. Great food and lovely ambience. A must visit !! Don't miss out on the simple yet amazing fish curry rice.
Very good at quality guys..even packaging is extraordinary..but chicken curry is not good which came more liquid with less taste.so quality quantity wise thumsup..but have to improve taste.
Thank you so much for the excellent food.it tasted great. Price quality everything good. I ordered via zomato online app. Delivery package was also great.if there was a way if packaging more environment friendly that would be great
Whenever you get the urge to eat hygienic food with less calories this the place to order from. It offers a wide variety of dishes ranging from Indian, Continental, Oriental and even Caribbean. The food is prepared in a way that it is healthy, but doesn’t compromise on taste. Also, the dishes are reasonably priced. My only issue is that many dishes go out of stock very quickly.
We have multiple options to have food but thinking about healthier options - there are very few. I would like to appreciate all your effort to provide us an option to choose heathy and hygienic food. Great place to order healthy and tasty food.
Ordered lunch from this place. The taste was good. Food wasn’t spicy or oily. packing was good and quantity was sufficient. I would prefer to order again.
Dal tadka awesome rajma chawal so-so, too garlicky
not valued for money
I strongly recommend this place for the folks who are conscious about calories. I would suggest eat.fit to look after the quantity,because I think it's very little with this price tag. Apart from this everything is extraordinary like packing ,presentation,quality etc...All the best eat.fit.
The berry blast smoothie tasted very good. Could actually feel the taste of papaya, watermelon, blueberries,etc and can even make them out. The quantity was a big disapointment. The bottle was thin as well. The smoothie was finished in few gulps.
An awsumm place where u can order variety of healthy food .Strongly recommended to try everything on the menu as it is healthy, fresh and hygienic everytime its ordered. U dont have to worry about the calories.Every dish comes properly labelled with it's nutritional value, so you know what you're having.
The biryani here is very delicious, one should must have this biryani if they visit Hyderabad. You will compare all but this tops the chart in satisfaction... 😋
I have ordered khabooz Normal which is with salad.I liked the portion size very much I have never seen that much portion size in any other shawarma outlet.It was very much for me the taste was also good.Would like to try their other shawarma's.
Was surprised to know that SG runs a Shawarma hub too. All thanks to SG biryani's which made me order Chicken Special Rumali Shawarma from this new venture without even thinking about it. The delivery, packaging, taste and quantity was perfect. Trust me this shawarma was too heavy and yummy. It came without vegetables, and i felt mayonnaise was less and not till the end, it is always best to have little extra mayo!
I must say i did not expect much after trying a few so called famous shwarma shops in Hyderabad. But I think this one equalled if not bettered istah shawarma house. The chicken pieces were cooked amazingly well. Loved the cream. Packaging could have been better.
Delicious shawarmas I tasted over here. So try here once in life time . Especially I like samoli and khaliooz. Rumali is not so good. Nice nice
This place promises to be one of the good Shawarma outlets in Gachibowli. Drive down there for Shawarma is too much of an ask considering the traffic and the parking hassles. So sit back and order online. My order contained 1 Shah Ghouse Chicken Special Rumali Shawarma and I have regrets over not ordering one more because it left me craving for more. Filled with Hummus and the chicken was just cooked right. It is surely at par with the Shawarma served at Shahi Dastarkhwan, Lakdi Ka Pul. The search for a still better Shawarma continues. My 5 Star rating is still pending for the best Shawarma.
Ordered Malai Shawarma, it was very tasty and mainly not spicy, but when ordered for 2nd time it was very spicy!! But overall it's good and one of the best places to taste Shawarma in Hyderabad.
Although Shah G is famous for its late night dine in facility, the Shawarma is pretty awesome too. A Shawarma with a single Irani chai in the evening is so Hyderabadi
 Shah Ghouse!"
if u look at the they make it u wont even try it. but once u try it u wont forget it. its aswum. place is dirty and lack cleanliness and hygiene. but taste is really gud and pocket friendly too
Shawarma here is the best. It tastes different from every other shawarma joint. The way the chicken taste is just amazing. Don't know about biryani, but if you are looking for an amazing shawarma experience, you must try this.
The best shawarma you can have is here. The quantity and the quantity both are awesome. One shawarma is enough in terms of dinner or lunch. I always prefer to have from this place
Ordered Special Chicken Shawarma Rumali and Special Chicken Shawarma Samoli. The taste is amazing and the quantity is also good and sufficient for one person. The online order facility is only available through Zomato. Giving Minus -1 for oil and the amount of spice as the Shawarma is Oily and Spicy but it's taste awesome. Feedback for this great place would be to make it a little bit less spicy.
Shawarma was really good and full of chicken but but but chicken was too much roasted and there was lack of mayonnaise which should be increase to make it feel like juicy...
ordered Khaliooz and samoli shawarma, everytime the quantity used to be good now the meat was very less in quantity and quality doesn't meet standards.
Good place to Hangout and party... place is for party lovers. Can enjoy good food, watch Ipl and music ... Staff is polite ... Zomato gold is accepted...
The overall experience was good. Just one thing I particularly didn't like it and it was Tacos. Rest the order, the ambience was really good.
Nice place to hang out... Food was really good as well as drinks.. Ambience and music was really good..Loved the DJ for friday night.. worth visiting the place.
As here the food was good and they serve all the cusines chinese north and hyderabadi and buffet the chinese dishes were delicious compared to others can go with friends for hangout
Pizza is good...nice staff...ambiance good but better to visit night time to see the beauty of lights...place is very quiet during day time.
Amazing place to chill. Live music and ambience is up to the mark. Food is fine. They should include some options in mocktails and drinks. Overall a good place to hangout with friends.
Hyper Local is the perfect place for a Saturday night for a party scene. Great ambience, a dance arena with a good dj and a tv screen for those cricket buffs in d group. They have everything for everyone. The fries are a must try with the lavish assortment of drinks served here.
We liked the chhole bhature as it was not at all oily. They serve good Italian dishes as well. Pizza crust is baked well. Service can be improved.
 served as complimentary for me when they tried it and the immediate minute it’s worth an order of it !"
I went there two times both for lunch.. first time food was very tasty and service was great but second time there was a little rush which detoriated the quality of food and service both a little bit. But overall nice place and a must visit
Nice and friendly place. Food was tasty and delicious. Service was very slow. Not able to manage for a bigger crowd of 15 people. Overall a decent place for food.
This place is within the SLN mall in Gachibowli. We took the outdoor seating, the ambience is fantastic. Had couple of bears with fries, chilli paneer, dahi kabab and spring rolls. The chilli paneer was very tasty , kabab a bit sweet for my taste buds. I feel the good options can be increased, overall good experience.
The ambience is great for a weekend night party. The outdoor seating view is super. Staff is friendly and very interesting dishes to choose from. The tacos are the best on the menu. Do try.
This is a quite happening place with good food and perfect ambience with the added outer seating.Menu options are limited but the taste is very good.You should have a prior reservation in case if you are too many people.It has good music along with a teeny tiny dance floor.
Always love to swiggy this food. Nutella brownie and ferrero rocher is amazing. Well packaged and well sent. No issues till date except i gain weight. A bit fan.
Twisted Mango, Mango famous within summer season. This summer you had Mango or not? Guys you should taste this mango flavor. I am sure mango lover will like this.
I ordered death by chocolate ice cream and as expected the taste was awesome and the best part was the delivery packing it was so nice that ice cream did not melt a bit also. Overall a good experience.
The ice cream is really good, the ambiance is cute and the staff is courteous, no complaints as such. I like my ice cream to be a little subtle sweet but would highly recommend this to all the ice cream lovers.
Do I have to write something about this? Ofcourse, all of us love it. I especially love their Alphonso mango 😋. Really like their nutella brownie as well.
I liked the way they present and the staff were all ladies who prepared the order. Ice cream was too good that I felt better than naturals at that time. I ordered fresh fruits and nuts and it was amazing.
Had their nutella brownie ice cream in a cup. Great tasting. It got delivered with proper packaging and dry ice. Great to the taste. Just wish they were priced bit lower :) Will definitely try their other offerings.
Though busy but an awesome place to hang out. Grab some delicious combinations of chocolate & Nutty ice-creams, shakes, waffles and you could probably have the best ice-creams to satisfy your cravings.
#Masti time helped a lot ... Refreshing memories #Office time best choice for the ice cream shops nearby Gachibowli ! Do try Death by Chocolate 😋😋
Visited this place a while back. Their ice creams are totally worth it! I'd suggest try their listed sundaes rather than make a custom one: the pre-listed choices are just so much better. the only issue is their seating space is a little less, so we took our ice creams to go. But would recommend it just for the taste.
Interior is good but small one and quality of ice cream also good but some of the items like chocolate u can't eat alone bcz of it Sweetness
Cream stone is already aware brand chain as we all know and their quality and making of icecream and shakes are super and every one should try once, its costly but the quality also high
We ordered fruit exotica, it was worth the money. Had many fruits overloaded into it. Had many seasonal fruits along with other fruits. Can try this anytime.
ice cream got melted even before reaching me...my place is 5 min from creamstone.
Goo blend of ice cream. Good flavours as well. They have many varieties in fruit and chocolate flavors. Try ice cram, but big NO for waffles. They are very hard.
Today I was very hungry as I had to skip my breakfast due to the workload. Moreover, I didn’t want to spend more than a hundred bucks on the brunch. This was the only restaurant on my mind. You can order a Paratha soaked in Butter with Raita, Chutney and Onions. It is heavenly; all for less than 100!
I ordered dahi bhalla papdi chaat and this is how they packed. They should pack it in a plastic box. The dahi was spilled over the polythene and hardly 20% of the dahi was left in the container. I paid money for nothing. They should give my money back for it.
I love the gol gappe here, At Hyderabad the gol gappe are different they add dal in it where as I am used to masala aloo filling. And they provide it best in Gachibowli.
If you are craving for a chaat you must visit this place. I tried karara palak chaat, dahi poori and paani poori. Its not as good as we have it in north but definitely a must try.
Amazing chaat and street food just like back in North. The taste and hygiene is awesome, which is why this place is in my list when it comes to street food. Their chats are delicious. I'd ordered pav bhaji, sev puri and vada pav. All was yummy, will recommend this place to anyone who is fond of North Indian food.
